One of the first books that really stuck with me in my adolescence.




Yes! Read the watered down version in 6th grade and then the original in high school. Had a profound effect on me for sure.




Shoot, now I'm questioning whether my school fed me the "watered down" version, too, because I remember it didnt hit me too hard in the feels. It was a good story, touching and relatable, but I feel like it just wasn't as impactful as people describe it being. Hmm...




Very possible! There are adult themes and such that the short story version doesn't delve into like sex and mortality.




So if it has sex and stuff, it's the full fledged version? My 7th grade reading teacher recommended it to me, she either didn't realize or knew that I was mature enough to handle it.




If it's much shorter than a full novel, it's the watered down version.

If all else fails, you can check out the full book in the library. To be fair, the short story actually was published first, and was later developed into the novel.




I definitely read the long version




One is a short story, the other is a novel. Unless she forgot to specify the short story, she probably thought you were mature enough to handle it.




The writer first wrote short story that was later expanded into a novel.





I don't think that's the reason. See my earlier reply to you above...




Time to read the novel, then. I read the watered down version in school and I loved it.




the “watered down” version isn’t exactly a “watered down” version its the original short story that was made before it was later expanded to a full book. Its more of a Demo but I remember it being good




It was good, and very sad. But reading it felt a bit like dipping your toe in the water, without jumping in. The expanded book hopefully has more of that depth, like the story deserves. :)




I’m now questioning this too!!! Which version is which??




From what I remember reading in middle school the watered down version was 20 some odd pages and it was in our Literature textbooks. The full text is about 300 pages, depending on the edition.




Oh god, that was the watered down version??




Indeed it was but it looks like it was the original version as well.

Flowers for Algernon is a science fiction short story and subsequent novel written by Daniel Keyes. The short story, written in 1958 and first published in the April 1959 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1960.[2] The novel was published in 1966 and was joint winner of that year's Nebula Award for Best Novel (with Babel-17).[3]




"Watered down" I think is a bit disingenuous. The short story version was written first, and the full novel was written some time after; both over the course of fourteen years.




I know the one we read was excerpts in our literature book.




I'm wondering too. I remember being so heartbroken after reading it so I can't imagine what it would be like if I had only read the watered down version.




The "watered down" version was the original novella. I find it the better of the two.




Just to be clear, the shorter story version was published before the full novel, which only came afterwards as a development and elaboration on the story by the same author.

The short story version was by no means written as an attempt to censor it and make it less controversial for public schools, and I think it's chosen for shorter length and simplicity in 5th-7th grade years. I myself read the short story for school in 6th grade, then later the full novel in 8th (on my own) by checking it out of the school library.

No educator is exactly trying to "hide" the existence of the novel from any student. My teacher flat out told us that there was a longer version available, and it was even explicitly stated in text in the introduction of the story that we read.




You mean the short story version? I like it better than the novel personally.





When I was but a lad, I read it while the rest of the class read something else. Had to leave the classroom because it wrecked me





It stuck with a kid I knew. People thought he was slow so he got the nickname Charlie for most of high school.




I saw a short film production of this when I was 6 or 7.




movie was called 'Charlie'




It was actually spelled Charly. Starred Cliff Roberson and was released in 1968 or thereabouts.




Read this when I was 17. The ending made my cry in public.




Made me cry in class in seventh grade when I was reading it, got yelled at by the teacher I wasn't paying attention to at the time. Read it again Junior year in college, also cried in public when I was reading outside.




If I ever read the ending and don't cry, I'll know for sure I've died inside





That book fucking gutted me. I mean, it's an amazing book, but Christ.





The slow deterioration of his language skills struck me as rather depressing, considering how far he'd come. Overall, a remarkably touching book.




That was the point, wasn't it?




Indeed so.




A truly amazing use of diction. I could not have thought of a better way to express his decline and the sadness that came with it




For anyone who would like a further exploration of super intelligence, read Understand, a short story by Ted Chiang. Not as emotional as Flowers for Algernon but truly great SF. The movie Arrival was based on another short story of his.




Ted Chiang's short stories in general being under appreciated gems of literary science fiction




Right on.




Arrival may be my current favorite movie (saw it recently on Amazon Video) so I'll definitely keep this suggestion in mind!




Oooh, I did not realize Arrival was based on a short story. I need to read that. The concept of time revealed in Arrival reminded me a lot of that of the Trafalmadorians in Slaughterhouse Five, which had always resonated with me.




The movie expanded beyond the short story's narrative a bit to fill out the feature length runtime and they rearranged some of the events but I thought it was an effective adaptation for a different medium.





That is a great story.




Like a fuckin’ baby, thanks for asking.




Top 1 in my list of books




One of the only books that came close to this was Of Mice and Men.




Amen.. Those two books really stuck with me. The last bit of both books made many of my classmates break down.





Watch the flowers for charlie episode of always sunny in philly




I know, its crazy when you realize how much the book ripped off the show.




Except in the book Charly never did get those spiders to talk to cats :(




Pretty sure they let the game of thrones writers write that ep




It must be so insane to be a huge fan of someone's content, and discover that very same someone(s, in this case) is also a super fan of your own work. D&D also made cameos in the water park episode this most recent season.





The novel is great, but it was originally written as a short story/novella.

I honestly think the version bthat was of a length you could read in a single 2-3 hour sitting was better.

The whole thing was heart wrenching and captured in a single instance.

One of the best pieces of writing I've ever read




I found the first printing of it in the April '59 pulp Fantasy and Science Fiction. Its one of my most prized books. There was a lot of great writing in those monthly pulps. I particularly am fond of Asimovs science columns.




Don't miss the point of the book though. Just as Charlie went through his up and down in intelligence, no one really understood what he went through at any point.

No one except Algernon. Thats the one thing Charly didn't forget. Also, tears in my eyes just writing this because this book has a special place in my heart.




I love Flowers for Algernon. We read it my 8th grade year. I actually have an interesting side story about it too.

I had to do some classroom observations for my teaching certification. I was observing an 8th grade class that day and they were reading Flowers for Algernon. They were reading aloud and they were at the part when Charly starts to deteriorate and Algernon is close to passing away.

You could see the looks on their faces. They were catching on to what was going on. It was magical to see them get so involved in the story.

This novel is great and I recommend it to my students who can handle the material.




I’ve always struggled to enjoy reading books... (I know). But I read this recently and was so amazed by it! I love this book so much.




Absolutely love this novel. One of my favourite books of all-time.




I read the short story last year in 8th grade and I almost cried.




One of the rare books I loved that I could not bring myself to read twice.




I feel exactly the same about the book. I read it while I was pregnant with my son and it got me so hard. I'll never get rid of my copy but I don't think I have it in my heart to read it again.




I don't think I'll ever be able to read it again




Incredible book. I was captivated by the changes in his personality the most. Either way, I was bawling like a little girl in the end.




Only two books ever made me cry; Flowers for Algernon and The Road. Both of those books made me cry like a bitch.





I don't know if it's appropriate to say that this is my favorite book of all time, but it has resonated with me unlike anything else I've ever read. I actually carry a copy of this in my bag with me at all times.




I know what you mean man. It just..whoa I need to sit down




This book is what caused me to become an obsessive reader. Never cared for books that much until this one.




God I love this book... I read it during a 2 day road trip to Oklahoma for a softball tournament when I was 16. I threw up all over the book and the side of the van, but the book meant so much to me I just wiped the vomit off it. I still own it.




That's gross, but I can't say I would have done any different.





I was just in a production of the stage version a couple of months ago, and it was no less heart-wrenching then than when I read it in my teens




This is one of my favorite books, and like you, I relate a lot to Charlie. I teach 8th grade English and when I taught this to my students I warned them from the beginning that they would cry, even though its the short story version, and all my tough boys are joking that that'll never happen and then by the end of the story it was just a crowd of misty eyes. When I was in my undergrad I had a Charlie Gordon type experience where I started coming to terms with who I am and how my "friends" saw and treated me. Its tough. I spent the majority of my life pretending to be dumb because it made people expect less of me, but that reputation stuck and that's how I was seen to people, so when I started to mature and let my intelligence show it shocked a lot of people, and I lost a lot of friends from it. Like you said, Charlie doesn't find a solution to his problems, and I know when you're going through a hard time it can be tough to read that, but things do get better. After my Charlie Gordon moment I started to demand respect, and treated myself with respect and lived a more truthful and honest life and that changed the way people saw me and treated me. I hope, if you read this, it helps. Things do get better.




I use this book to describe my lewy body dementia. Little memory loss but loss of judgement and comprehensive abilities.




Hang in there. Fight the good fight.




As someone who struggles with autism and is also named Charlie, this book really fucked me up. When his mind started deteriorating it especially hit me hard because becoming that while being aware of what I used to be is my worst fear




This book...damn near tore my heart right out.

My oldest child, Dave, is almost 24. He's "special needs," which is an overly ambiguous way of saying he's mentally handicapped. He's pretty high functioning, but it's immediately obvious that he's "slow."

When he was a toddler, he was sharp as a tack. Singing his ABCs by the time he was three, reading beginner books on his own, just great learning abilities. But that's when the seizures began.

He'd be happily playing along one second, then he'd be like a puppet with its strings cut--he'd just collapse, completely limp, not breathing, even starting to turn a little blue before he snapped out of it, confused at where he was and not having a clue what had happened. He lost track of time; still has a hard time gauging it, actually. We couldn't let him out of our sight, in case he collapsed and got hurt. We definitely couldn't leave him in the bath without supervision.

None of the standard seizure medications worked; if anything, they made the condition worse or just changed it to a different type of seizure. But through all that, I kept reminding myself what the "real" Dave was like, and that he'd return someday, when we'd figure out what medication cocktail was the magic one. His thoughts were so scrambled, that when he'd try to sing the alphabet song, he'd get to C or D, then he'd get a really confused look in his face that seemed to say, "I know I know this song...why can't I figure out what comes next?" Then he'd start over again, determined to get it right this time, only to hit the same roadblock. That was very hard to watch, and reading about Charly losing his intelligence...well, it tore me apart, because I'd seen it happen to the brightest toddler I'd ever known.

As it turns out, he's brain damaged because of some of the out-of-breath episodes. He talks too loud, he doesn't have a good grasp of time, he doesn't know his own strength, and his fine motor skills suck. But he's still learning and gaining more independence, albeit slowly. So that toddler-aged Dave is gone, and I've long since accepted that this "new Dave" is the "real Dave." He's a joy to be with, and he's still hungry to learn. And sometimes, just out of the blue, he'll bring a handful of flowers from the garden to his mom.

Love that kid.




Read it last year... still goes straight into the feels. For me it's one of those books you start to read and just know it'll have a gut-wrenching sort of ending.




I was like 13 or 14 when I read it and I was so absolutely heartbroken.




This book spoke to me in ways my 14 year old brain could understand. Growing up I essentially had the math version of dyslexia and it really kinda brought me down that I my brain wouldn’t let me do the basic math the other kids could do. Once I read Flowers for Algernon I connect to it so quickly because I always wished that I could be turned into a math genius, but sadly the end of the book is something that I didn’t wish to happen lol.




My greatest fear in life is degrading mental faculties, and I think this book was the cause for it.




that book DESTROYED me emotionally. it's really just writing at its best - the way Keyes uses language to depict the total mental deterioration taking place is so gutting but so fucking beautiful. also, my sadist of a mom made me read it when I was 13, so that probably didn't help...




I read this during my exchange program in Faringdon, UK. I was 12 back then and amazed by the quiet and awesome life at England's countryside. This book brings back good memories :].




Book? I seem to remember it being a story, novella at best?




There's two versions: a short story and a novel.




Errday is a skoolday.




I was wondering this too, I thought everyone else on here was nuts- "Is it really considered a book nowadays???" I read it in a sci-fi anthology that had a ton of great stories in it.




The short story was much better than the novel which was also much better than the movie.




I first heard of this book last year, as it was listed on a list of great science fiction books. Not much synopsis was given, but I went in ready for some solid science fiction... and came out with that and so much emotion. I was so not prepared for the emotional punch of this book.

OP, you'll see the end of your tunnel. You got this.




I still recall this story and it brings a lump to my throat.

On a lighter note, I refer to myself as "Algernon-ing" when I repeatedly forget how to accomplish a task.




I read this book in seventh grade, if you'll believe it. I was inconsolable for the entire day I finished it.




I read this book when I was thirteen. The note at the end broke me.




Instantly became my favorite book when I first read it; still in my top 5.




This book is awesome but a huge nope. That last page is so messed up, it's words can't describe it.




The last line like what the fuck are you trying to my heart :(




This book is one of those mandatory readings. Like Steinbeck it should be on every academic reading list and n the world.




I think books like this are good medicine for the soul. To be moved by the characters like the melody from an Orchestra. It is good to venture out of a comfort zone, and this is indeed a wonderful story for that. Any impulse on getting a rat, too?




It’s been a long time since I read the book (and saw the movie) so I’ll need to go back and read it soon.

One thing I do remember was that moment where he understands before any one else that he is going to lose all he gained. It in my mind added to the theme of being lonely.




The most beautiful and heartbreaking story ever. Cried like a baby.




One of the first books I ever read as a young adult. The descriptions of Algernon throwing himself against the cage in frustration really stuck a chord with me. Charlie at least had the capacity to understand he was losing his intelligence, I've always wondered how much Algernon actually understood. Also, I think the very last line (and title of the book) indicates that Charlie is on some level aware that he is going to die which is pretty heartbreaking.




What always gets me re: Algernon is that rodents actually are highly intelligent animals on their own merits, capable of amazing feats of learning and leading surprisingly rich emotional lives. They can feel sadness, joy, empathy... The fact that Algernon clearly was frustrated shows to me that he knew something was seriously wrong, but just lacked the communicative tools to express it in any other way.




I credit Daniel Keyes and 'Flowers for Algernon' with all of my current success. His concepts were so haunting, I just wanted to make something that shared them with Fantasy fans. If Mr. Keyes were alive today, I would owe him a massive bear hug.




If you're looking for a book to solve your problem for you, you'll always be disappointed. But books can help very much, even if it's not a book about something you think will ever be relevant to you. There is much to be learned by allowing others thoughts to invade your own mind as you read them.

A life without books is a single life, but a life with books is many. You can live a thousand lives, walk in somebodies head space and find real wisdom there. You figure out what is important to you when you read a good book. You find out your fears, your strengths, and you get to step beyond your own reference frame and see the world with new eyes. If that doesn't make you a more complete person, and wiser, then I don't know what does short of living 1000 years.




I love this book. I haven't read it in about ten years but I'll definitely go pick it up as my next read. Glad you enjoyed one of my favorite all time books! Makes me feel such raw emotion.




Okay, so I remember reading this twice in school, once in fifth grade which took about as long as our english lesson in class was that day, and then again in 8th grade and we spent like four days reading it. I really wish i knew which version I read, because now the completionist in me wants to read the full version, but the other parts of me don't because I already know how it ends. Oh, the struggles of man




This is my #1 favorite book. The last chapter makes me cry every time




If you loved this, you might also like The Last Days of Ptolemy Grey, which has a similar concept. The main character and narrator is an old man with dementia, who takes a medication that will leave him temporarily clear-mindrd, but will kill him after a short time. Definitely worth picking up.




Great choice; amazing book!




One of the best books I've ever read.




The last scene in the book is also really painful in emotional level.




Yeah, awesome book that requires therapy post read.

Well-written book.




I read the book once over 30 years ago and I still get sad when I hear it mentioned.




Spooky, I finished reading it last night and saw this thread today!

A beautiful, heartbreaking book. Seeing Charlie lose his intelligence after gaining the intellectual world destroyed my heart. There were times where reading about him remembering his painful childhood and how ruthlessly cruel the world was to him made me tear up and I couldn't read on for a few hours. I had to put the book away for a bit.

But maybe all was not lost because he remembered Algernon at the end. He recalled something about the experiment even though he forgot his contribution to science and his doomed love affair with Alison. Algernon was tied to his humanity and I think that the key thing Charlie learned was about humanity. That no matter what our intelligence is, how we treat others is the important thing.




I read this in my English class back in high school. It is a well written book, but the way this book and The Handmaids Tale (or something like that) end just makes my OCD act up.




I started tearing up just reading your TITLE to this post, because I knew what your response was probably going to be. What the hell? Now my eyes are leaking some kind of fluid. Holy crap this book affected me it's been 20 years since I've read it.

Yeah you're feeling more sad after reading it, but that's probably not just typical misery sadness, that's cathartic sadness. That's a valuable sadness that's natural and part of being human.




I'm very happy to see someone recently finish this. I read it when I was in middle school (almost 20 years ago) and it really stuck with me. Such a unique story and the feels were pretty deep for a 12 year old lol.

Glad you enjoyed it. I'd suggest Heart of Darkness if you haven't read it.




Not to go off topic too far, but this book was like reading a story about my own bipolar. I don't so much swing between happy and sad as much as I swing between an IQ of 185 and 100. When I am lower functioning, it just feels like I am a power lifter in a bad dream where I cannot do what I normally can.




What do people think: was he less at the end or did he revert to exactly as he had been before the procedure?




Now watch the episode of It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia




I'M NOT CRYING IT'S JUST ALLERGIES!




Think they’ll be able to cure down syndrome or autism in the near future?




Not to be negative, but that'd be more difficult than regrowing an amputated limb.




Luckily they’re making progress in that field as well!




I hope so but unlikely. My daughter has autism and I think the best way to “cure” it would be early intervention. I kept trying to get her diagnosed and I heard everything from : “she is too young” to “she is a girl”! She was finally diagnosed at 9 years old and then I could get her special therapies. Although she did have basic therapies before that, I feel she didn’t get the help she needed. At 9 she was somewhat set in her ways and I feel like she is who she is now at 14 years old. Don’t get me wrong she is amazing but I feel guilty she might not be more “normal” as she might have been.
Sorry to take over this comment. I will add that I read the book too and I love it!




As a proud autistic, I can tell you that your daughter's plight is common (I was fortunate to be diagnosed at 4, primarily because I embody almost every autism stereotype in existence). However, seeking out a cure isn't really something that most of us on the spectrum desire or see as viable or even desirable. The end goal for Autistics is to function with our abnormalities rather than get rid of them, because Autism carries with it plenty of advantages that I wouldn't give up for the world.




This is all well and good, but only for high-functioning autistic people. It seems disingenuous to me to only consider the least severe cases when we're talking about a 'cure'. My brother is also autistic, and he's completely incapable of self-sufficiency. He was nonverbal for the first eight or nine years of his life (he's presently 20), and even with therapy he still doesn't know how to modulate his speech. He managed to learn how to communicate verbally, but now he frequently yells/shouts in public and quotes entire movie scenes at full volume when he's bored.

He doesn't understand money, has poor fine motor skills, and refuses to listen to everyone but our mother as a general rule—and he's considered 'high-functioning' in his therapy group. I know a number of 18-year-olds in his group who are still completely nonverbal. There's a lot to be said for not considering autism a fault in all cases, but a cure is very, very desirable in many.




I was thinking this too. I work with very low functioning individuals and if there was a cure, I'd hope for them all to have it.

Most of my guys seem so trapped inside themselves so it'd be a dream to be able to see them more free.




Yeah. That phrasing seems appropriate to me. My brother is a funny, friendly kid whom I love dearly, but I can see how much he struggles. He's on a cocktail of drugs that would make my grandparents blush, and he can't communicate what he's feeling well enough for us to do anything but make educated guesses as to whether or not they're working. Anti-anxiety medications, ADHD medications, mood stabilizers, etc, etc. I don't want any of that for him—he doesn't deserve to have to deal with it. I'm not trying to imply the above poster does, of course, but 'autism' is such a broad classification that sweeping statements like 'a cure isn't something viable or desirable' aren't very helpful.





What are some advantages you appreciate having?




I’m not OP, but I’m very good at compartmentalizing emotions when I need to, which is great in stressful situations, especially because the stress of others doesn’t bother me as much, because I can’t tell when they’re stressed, which is a double-edged sword




Is this something you have been able to learn how to turn off and on?




My understanding is it's off by default and they have to learn and invest extra effort to understand other people. Then when they do understand, they do care.

This is contrasted with sociopathy, where the person has no trouble comprehending what other people are feeling, and can even exploit others' feelings expertly, but just doesn't care. Or even enjoys the distres.




My daughter’s advantages stem from her sensory overload issues. Her ears are incredibly sensitive which has caused countless meltdowns and struggles, but those incredibly sharp ears also led her to teach herself classical piano by age 4-5. She can also hum complicated classical songs without missing a note. But her real talent is singing. She is a wonderful mimic and so has been able to easily pick up on voice skills like vibrato. At age 6, she has performed on stage nearly ten times, has performed at a jazz club in one of the music capitals of the world, and is the youngest to be chosen for honors at her music school. We’ve been told she has perfect pitch. It’s funny; she is a natural on stage. It’s like once she’s up there every struggle and all her anxiety disappears and she kills it every time. Anyway, there are a few more advantages for her (sensitive eyes = early reading, art, and puzzle skills, etc) but the musicality is by far the greatest advantage imo.

She is only mildly on the spectrum and I greatly appreciate why some people desperately want a cure. But personally I don’t want one for my daughter. She is quirky and sensitive, smart and talented. It’s been an incredible amount of work and patience helping her build coping mechanisms and there have been many regressions and worries. But little by little the coping mechanisms and therapies have been bringing her out of her bubble. She doesn’t function exactly like a typical 6 year old but anyone who meets her would be shocked to hear that because she’s doing so well. And we understand that it makes sense to have some deficits to work on when she’s so advanced in other areas. True asynchronous learner. Hard work to overcome struggles builds character. She’s a wonderful kid.




Let's see: Enhanced sensory perception of the world around me, a seemingly abnormal talent for finding and creating patterns in said world, greater capacity to focus on certain concepts and ideas, what many people say is an uncanny memory, and a degree of isolation from many of the interpersonal stresses which generally seem to consume allistics.

Is it all hunky-dory? Of course not. I still suffer from anxiety, nervous breakdowns, sensory overstimulation, quite a number of nervous tics, and no shortage of communication problems. Nonetheless, I find that the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages, especially since I have medication to deal with the issues listed above.




And what will we consider "cured"? Would curing them basically make them into a totally different person by rewiring their brain? Is that ethical?

Or did you mean cure as in prevent it from happening? Would that involve "fixing" fetal DNA? Is that ethical?




Down syndrome is a genetic defect that can be detected before birth.

Given the massive health risks associated with Down syndrome (life expectancy 15+ years shorter than someone without), I don't think there'd be an ethical question about fixing it before birth if we could.

Autism is an entirely different subject.




Certainly more ethical than having the means to identify, and correct, a life changing disorder that will lead to a life of adversity, and choosing to do nothing.





That would require people with Autism actually wanting to be cured.




Work a bit with autism genetics. We are very far from being able to find a genetic cause. Autism is what's known as a "complex disease," which means that a bunch of genetic factors throughout the genome work together on it (with environmental influences). We've detected very few of these genetic factors (and don't really know what most of them do). Note that there are some rare genetic factors that are strongly and replicably associated with autism... but they will typically affect health in other more major ways. As a final fun fact, there is a tendency of autism-related mutations to appear in the child but not in the parent (ie at the sperm/egg generation step).

So in terms of looking at a person's genes and being able to predict whether they have autism? Not close at all. There's a lot of concern in the autistic community that this is the result we're headed for, but I don't think it's a mainstream view among geneticists. Genome editing for something that's spread out among dozens to hundreds of genes is impractical as well. In the distant-ish future, I see the field going towards medication that will alleviate as many major negative symptoms as possible (ie extreme sound sensitivity, anxiety). We can do that by seeing if there are any genes that are overactive or underactive in autistic people (or subgroups) and see if we can cancel that out. Similarly, we may be able to use genetics to better select medication for them from what is currently available. Again, this is in the far future. Again this is in the far future. For now, we're just trying to find the genes for scientific (non-medical) interest alone...




Charlie’s character was supposed to represent someone with PKU, which actually is something routinely screened for now. If the screening shows that the newborn has PKU they’ll need to eat a modified diet (low protein) until they reach their early 20s when the brain is fully developed, at which point they can eat whatever they like with no ill effects. Kind of interesting, I’d recommend googling if you want to read more about it :)




I hope so. As far as i know, autism and down syndrome are becoming more common, which means that more people are born like that every year.

I have faith in science so i think they will find a cure.




It could mean our methods of detection have grown better with time and technological advancements, therefore catching cases that may have gone undiagnosed in the past, not that more people are being born that way.




For autism, yes. For down syndrome, not necessarily.

Down syndrome has a relatively simple genetic cause, that we know about, and obvious physical manifestations.

Autism doesn't. We have a host of suspicions, but nothing comprehensive. Diagnosis is done via symptoms, not detection of a root cause.




That's pretty interesting and something I didn't consider. Thanks for adding some more insight into this!




That sounds reasonable.




They're not more common, they're just detected better. For instance, in the 90s, a person on the high end of the spectrum (aspergers) would often just be labeled a "weird nerd", while today they would be correctly classified and given the help they need.

Hell, this exact situation happened with me, even with my mother's coworkers being "autism specialists." It didn't occur to many professionals that "spectrum" included "not mentally/functionally impaired to the point of silently rocking back and forth." Took me until I was 20 to figure it out, and when I went back and brought it up to them, all they could say was "oooh, that makes a lot of sense in hindsight."

With this in mind, it must be noted that many of us don't want "cures" - this is a discriminatory and insulting concept that mostly caters to the parents and family members of autistic people who just want life to be more convenient. Groups like Autism Speaks are the worst about this, and you'll pretty much never find an autistic person that supports them or their cause. They explicitly do not have the interests of autistic people in mind.

Edit: clarity




They're not more common, they're just detected better.

For autism, yes, for Down syndrome, no.

Down syndrome's test is a genetic screening with a pretty black and white answer. It can even be detected before birth.

Autism's diagnosis is only through recognition of symptoms.

Autism may be one of those "diseases" that isn't really a disease, but rather a collection of unusual traits, only recognized as a "disease" because life is more difficult in certain ways for those diagnosed.




I was specifically referring to autism, I should clarify. Downs is fairly straightforward as you said.




Autism is one of those things where we're probably going to figure out that the spectrum extends far beyond any classifications of "disorder." Many of the traits that define autism are overwhelmingly common in engineers, designers, and creators, yet many will never find issue enough to seek diagnosis.




Yup. I wouldn't be surprised if our understanding of it effectively extends to say that everyone is on "the spectrum", some people are just on the opposite end.

That said, I still think finding some kind of medical solution for those that are of the non-functional, rock-back-and-forth variety (traditional autism, before they started expanding the definition) should be a goal.




I just wish it wasn't represented primarily in that manner, it gives people the wrong impression of what autism is. You end up with people karma whoring about car washes that hire autistic people out of pity rather than discussing the fact that a major portion of Silicon Valley's best engineers are on the spectrum, creating the technology we use every day.




Yes to this. I don't want to be cured. I wish I'd had better support when I was a child, but there are a lot of things I appreciate about being autistic that I would be loath to lose.




Or ANY support as a child... all I got was the "what do we do with him?" treatment and a bunch of very unprofessional comments from psychs and so-called specialists at the school that basically can be summed up as "haha, you've got similarities with those autistic special ed kids, but you're not retarded so idk." Anything other than debilitating, low-functioning autism might as well not have existed to them. Still, they jokingly mentioned autism all the time, but never seriously considered it or tested for it, and never recommended an IEP despite it being obviously necessary.

I had no idea there even was such a thing as high-functioning/aspergers until I read an article about it when I was 21, realized it hit way too close to home, and decided to find the right people to pursue the topic with as an adult.





Liked the short story. The novel was unbearable. Was just not convincing that this guy is now a genius in the novel.




Dude, read Tuesdays with Morrie. If you can get through that book without breaking down into wracking sobs I'll give you $100




A TV in every room!




Such an amazing and soul touching book, it tore me down as freshman in high school, and I still think about that book from time to time.




I read it last year in English class and my god it's such an amazing book! It was extremely touching and interesting to see how he acted at different levels of intelligence!




Was it recommended to you by a gentleman known as Felix Kjellberg?




Pewdiepie is reading this for his book club too, I might give it a go




Finished it last month, was blown away




damn... now i have to go dig that one out




It’s weird that I rarely see this book on people’s lists of favorites, yet I personally think it’s one of the best books I had read in high school. Not to say that everyone’s favorites have to be the same, but given the level of praise I’ve seen for this book I’m surprised I don’t see it mentioned more often.




A coworker recommended the book to me years ago and now I try to get everyone I know to read it.




I read this book when I was in high school. I also felt so gutted by it.




If it helps any there is the reverse of this book in Lottery (not to be confused with Shirley Jackson's The Lottery). Lottery works nicely as brainbleach after reading Flowers for Algernon.




Wait this is a book, i thought it was just a short story? or was that 'Silent Snow' or something?




I believe it was initially a short story, and the author later expanded it. At least, I think it was something to that effect.




We watched the movie in 5th grade, back in about 1973, and discussed / read the book. SPOILER!!! As kids we were very scared of the concept of the inevitable death of the human.




lol spoilers for a book that old.. haha, what's the average age of this sub?




OP's simply following the rules of the sub. It warns visitors who haven't read the book to steer clear of the thread.




The book was published in 1959, maybe that's a rule worth revisiting?




There are millions of books. It’s impossible for everyone to have read everything, the rule is fair.




Thanks, agree to disagree, I guess :)!




I hear what you're saying, but not everyone has read the book.

A spoiler warning allows people who haven't yet read the book to decide whether they want to participate or not.




I read this for 8th grade assigned reading and it just wrecked me. The bed wetting scene. I cry so hard. Such an amazing book




It is the only book that ever brought me to a sobbing wreck.




Spoilers: yer gonna cry.




I watched the movie and read the shortened version, and they were both amazing! They both really affected me on a personal level. Definitely would recommend to a friend!




I know how you feel. I got this title from a random reddit thread of "must read books". This one seemed interesting: an intersting premisse and it was short so I could read it in one sitting.

So I start searching around some place to download it (I know... I know... I'm a cheap bastard, I only buy after I consume it and only if it touches me someway) so I find it pretty easily: nice; I open the file and ... wth?!?! There is something wrong with this ebook, it has tons of spelling mistakes, this can't be the real one. And so I went again searching... until I found another one and IT HAD THE SAME PROBLEM! I said "wtf, oh well, mistakes or no mistakes fuck it, I just want to read it". I am so glad I did it. Those "spelling mistakes" are just a genious way to transport us to the main character mind.

The end of this book touched me. It was hard, so fucking hard, to real the last pages but god damn it, the journey was so moving.




In the immortal words of Tina Fey:

I feel like...the lady teacher from the college who realizes, "I've got to stop dry-humping this mentally challenged guy!”




I got to play Charlie in a production of Flowers for Algernon a few years ago. The play is a pretty faithful adaptation of the book, unlike the '70s film, and it's every bit as heartbreaking on stage as it is to read.

It's amazing how hard he tries, first to be a good student and friend, then a good 'intelligent man', and finally a good son and brother. Ultimately when he fails you're left wondering if it'd been worth it at all; all the lives he touched seem worse off having lost him.

The book is uniquely impactful being told from his first person perspective though, the use of changing grammar and vocabulary blew me away the first time I read it.




Read that book when I was 9. Damn it fucked me up




Eh, it was pretty good. It made me cry. My critique isn't all the specific, just that certain aspects of it didn't feel "right". Like his relationship with the neighbour. I was also skeptical of the relationship between charly and his teacher, I felt like it was a little unbelievable/ they got together pretty easily.




One the of best




Spoiler: It's good to have frends.




This is my life now. As I lose abilities and control I often sit and wondering how much longer I will be able to... Idkms...watch part of myself walk away... from myself. But I step on every day because I know no other way. I tried to give up. To this day I don't know what stopped me. I had my ultimate relief in my hand and threw it down when I realized what I was about to do. mental problems don't show outside. So I just smile keep quiet keep my head down. And no one knows...But getting old is not for chickens.the hell with pity I would rather you hate me than pity me.




Seriously one of my favorite books ever.




p.s. please if you get a chanse put some flowrs on Algernons grave in the bak yard




I'm glad you enjoyed the book about my death -> my name is Algernon




I read this after my dad passed of brain cancer and it messed me up for a while. Watching a man go from it director to barely being able to follow a conversation over a few years is heartbreaking.




I passed up a chance to buy this book today because I already have enough on my plate, but I think I'll go back!




Flowers for Algernon was one of my favorite stories ever. It actually managed to draw some tears, which isn’t common for me.




Just don’t watch the movie “Charly.” It’ll disappoint you in ways you didn’t know possible




This book is one of those stories that's heart-wrenching but really worth the read. In ways it reminds me of 'Never Let Me Go', at least in terms of the way that it weighed on me after reading. I read the short story after and it was moving as well but I do think the book is absolutely well worth it because it draws you into Charlie's point of view much deeper than the short story does.




Charlie’s closing line about Algernon’s grave has haunted me for years. It tore my middle school heart to pieces! I thought it was a powerful ending - both bitter and sweet and I’m still not sure which side it leans more towards. Although some of the stuff in the novel did kind of get angsty and over the top (like Smart Charlie suddenly seeing his old self everywhere).

I really need to get around to re-reading it to see if it still holds up.




Teared up at the title of your post. Goddam this book has feels




I read it last year as a school assignment.

Basically, this is one of those books that make you go from "haha" to "oh." To "oh fuck".




I just finished my second vodka tonic.
