

Pretty sure he ate about half of the bowl in those first three bites




When I tried to feed my dogs out of a regular bowl the first time after being rescued off the street, I thought they were going to choke and die. They look exactly like this pup around dinner time and would eat just the same way if I didn't have slow feeders. They still manage to literally inhale the food out of the bowl and one of them swallows milk bones whole- no chews.




My dog did the same when we got her from the shelter. She would get so excited and scarf everything down really fast- which isn’t very good combined with her sensitive stomach. She got over it though and will leave her food for a good while before she decided to eat it.




My dog did this too for a while and then would vomit his kibble up (of course they were completely whole). Started putting a tennis ball in the bowl too and he had to work around it, slowing him down and making him actually chew his food!




Damn thats pretty clever.




Fun fact - humans are just about the only animals that can choke to death. Also, try feeding your dog raw - they literally cant inhale their food cuz they gotta chew through the bonez




Huh...learn something new every day! Any raw foods you might recommend?




Dogs actually die to grapes quite easily.




Even cooked grapes? What about fermented?




Anything on my plate.




This is highly inadvisable.




Tell the dog.




Big Country Raw!



[+]Great_Beans comment score below threshold  (1 child)



I thought it made them super vicious. That’s what scary movies have taught me.




Tell that to these guys

https://www.odmp.org/k9/1670-k9-scout

https://www.odmp.org/k9/1579-k9-dutch




Not true- don’t spread such false info!!




After getting my beagle mix out of the shelter he used to hide things all over the house. Little bits of food. It was the funniest thing. Took him about 6 months to stop doing it. Once he realized he was getting 2 Square meals




Yea I agree, eating too fast is not good for the doggie. That's why feeding by hand at a young age is best. Also using treat balls to give food reward in small amounts helps too.




They sell puzzle bowls for the special fur babies too dumb to realize inhaling food is bad for them. They basically have to eat around obstacles and get forced to slow down

Source: had special fur baby who inhaled food




You can also spread the food out on a cookie sheet; the flatness and the big spread means they have to eat it 2 or 3 pieces at a time. Poor man’s slow feeder!




Yeah I have many dogs and dogs can get very sick and die very fast if they eat to fast. Slow feeder bowls are amazing. Only like $20




NOM NOM NOM NOM




That's about twice as much food as that dog should get to.




Is anybody else worried about the bloat issue ??




C'mon. Be a little sensitive. She's not really all that big.




Pretty sure some doggo farts and vomiting follows.




Bloat is a stomach torsion issue that’s imminently life-threatening to dogs.




I thought that was only an issue with Great Danes and other very large dogs. I have no idea though




It's a fur-ricane.




Also me around ice cream and cake.




Seems like there is potential to use this extra energy.




I don't eat food..I breathe it.




This pup needs a puzzle feeder and a slight change in routine!




Someone get that dog a slow feeder and a walk quick. Seriously, it's a golden retriever. They are known to get bloat. This dog is gonna fucking die soon if it keeps at it. This is not cute and should not be encouraged.




Not to mention the spinning is a MAJOR sign of anxiety in dogs. Need to get that curved quick! Don’t worry though I know this guy named Cesar who can train that dog in like 30 minutes with just a few mouth noises directed at a dog.




Jesus, the spinning killed me. I'm Like "are you people ever properly exercising or training this poor dog?!"




Does she not feed him or something?




That is WAY too much food and they're allowing the dog to eat it WAY too fast. Source: Double golden retriever owner.




meh the dog doesn't even look obese.




He clearly works off all those extra calories pre-meal.




Yup! I have one pup and he is a golden lab mix. This stressed me out a little.




As your credentials are obviously valid.



As other comments have said, there are issues with this person but your stated qualifications don't exactly pull you above the gif.




Jesus! How much food is in that bowl? My 50lb dogs each get 3/4 cup *2 daily




My goldens of this size (80ish lbs) eat about 2 cups, twice daily. So, yeah. WAY too much food.




My golden lab mix is about 70lbs now and he gets 1 and a half cups twice daily. He also gets veggies throughout the day as snacks. The way the dog in the gif eats is concerning.




Me leaving work on Friday’s.




They need to get that dog one of those spiral bowls so he eats slower




Imagine if humans ate like this.




You haven’t seen me eat.




Go on...




Yes, continue. Slowly. Sensually.




sensually continue. slowly.




Some do.




Competitive eaters basically do!




That ear tho




That ass tho




Same




He looks like he about to fly away




Dog-nado!!!!




My 5 Dogs graze




I’m fucking dying. The deadly accurate zoomies (I mean look at how close the dog gets to the corner of the wall.. pure calculation. Then that fucking ending.

My god that killed me, but apparently it’s not good that the dog was eating that fast so that sucks.




I'm always worried about the wall and furniture. My dog miscalculated once.




She got her hands out of there just in time.




How does he not fall over from the dizzy spins??




I watched this twice just to see that ass




Fucking thicc ain’t it? I’d suck a fart out of it for sure.




She got a purdy turd cutter on her




I also like butts.




Thiccccccccccc ass fuck




She thick af




/r/AnimalsBeingHungry




does r/zoomies work for this?




Golden bolemia




lol




My grandma has a dog who would get so excited over meal time, it would litterally trip itself jumping up and down from excitement.




Woolf's it down.




Spinnies for Dinnies




DOGNADO!




Come on TARS!




r/zoomies




Maze bowls are good at slowing them up

https://www.luckypet.com.au/outward-hound-fun-feeder-coral-maze.html




If your dog eats it's good like this, get them a calm feeding area, a slow feed bowl and put their kibble mixed with warm water into it. The bowl helps, but the water makes it a harder to inhale. It's important that the pup doesn't eat like that, especially larger breeds, they are prone to bloat which can quickly kill them. 20 bucks on a feeder is worth the dogs life. =)




I do the same when i know im getting sex




OH BOY OH BOY OH BOY OH BOY



It seems every dog video these days is something bad. This dog is gonna get sick inhaling food.. every other video is people awarding bad behaviour cuz it's cute...

Am I just getting old?




Isometric exercise, care to join me?




dog*
