I listen to audiobooks or podcasts while I sleep. It seems counterintuitive, because you're giving yourself something to pay attention to, but I've discovered that I cannot be left alone with my thoughts at night. I can, however, listen to a pleasant British man tell me about the adventures of Harry Potter and friends.




This is my problem and podcasts help me tremendously. Try the podcast called sleep with me. Knocks me out most night.




I just listen to Stuff You Should Know, as the banter of the hosts is oddly hypnotic.

parentreportreply


That’s my sleepy time podcast, too!




It’s pretty funny cause in the beginning of one of the episodes, they openly reference the fact that people listen to them to sleep




They are my go to sleepy podcast and sometimes I legit dream whatthey are talking about.





SYSK is the best sleeping podcast ever. It's so relaxing and there's new episodes a few times a week. So great.




I love sysk, but I've had to stop listening to it as I fall asleep because of the music. It generally happens about 20 minutes into the podcast, just as I'm drifting off. They'll play a death metal version of the theme tune and BOOOM I'm awake again.






I used to listen to Welcome to Night Vale, it was perfect until the whether.




My problem is that the music is generally at a much higher volume than their normal speech. Doesn't stop me from falling asleep another 5 mins later though.






I might be the only one, because I've heard this recommended in a lot of places and everyone swears by it.. but something about that man's voice is incredibly unsettling to me




Oh, you're not alone. I can't quite say why, but his voice bothers me SO MUCH.




Could be because he's trying to put you to sleep. As in, you can hear the effort, almost. I get similar ones with ASMR videos; I get ASMR effects when it's not intentional, bit ASMR videos put me on edge.





I think he sounds like a serial killer and I guess it works for me.





I started listening to this and I can definitely tell I'd zone out pretty fast. Nice!




Scoots!




I'm late, but I love sleep with me podcast. Started listening about a year and a half ago and I've had it on most nights since then. I'm asleep within a half hour of almost every episode but even when I don't fall asleep it is entertaining enough to keep me company through the night. Highly recommend it.






I might actually this one. My big problem is that I start thinking and then I can’t STOP thinking. Once I sink into existential dread, it’s game over for the night.

Just the thought of a pleasant British man telling me about Harry Potter and friends seems like it’ll make me sleep.





YES! When I was out of the country for a bit, my boyfriend recorded himself reading a book to me. He'd send me a new chapter every few days and I'd fall asleep listening to him reading me sci-fi. It worked like a charm. So dorky and wonderful.




That is the cutest thing ever!




As an audiobook lover, I love that idea! If only my partner appreciated them too.





I listen to an audiobook I've listened to several times over. I've probably listened to it 30+ times, if not more, and it's a trilogy so I'm always aware of what's going on and what's going to happen next. My brain isn't fighting to pay attention because I'm prepared. I feel like I fall to sleep a lot faster, in normal situations, when I listen to the same audiobook I enjoy again and again.




I do the same thing with TV shows and it helps a lot. It gives me something to focus on that's interesting, but not interesting enough to keep me from falling asleep because I've seen it before.




This is the reason I’ve watched the office over 50 times. I rotate it and parks and rec out when I go to sleep.





ME TOO! My shows are The Office, Psych, Scrubs, Will and Grace, and Frasier on rotation.






I do that with TV shows. I turn my phone over so it's just the audio, no light or picture, and zone out to it.




if you have android, VLC has an option to play just the audio of a video file




This indeed :)





Exactly! Lost track of how many times I've listened to the same 2 book series. Set my timer for 40 minutes - never hear it end..






Futurama for me. Works great because netflix will eventually turn it off. I must have gone through the seasons that are on there 10 times by now




r/futuramasleepers




r/FuturamaSleepers




Holy shit. Didn't know there was sub devoted to the thing I thought that I was the only person in the world that did.

I have a hard drive connected to my tv with the entire series on it and I put a sleep timer on the tv. I usually do this for half hour but if I don't have to wake up in the morning I set it for an hour and actually watch a bit of it.




Oh my god I’m one too. But I alternate between Futurama and MST3K.

Interesting note, my chinchilla fucking loves Futurama. I was unaware that Chinchillas even liked tv or were even in any way capable of finding entertainment in tv, but sometimes I’ll have the TV on and he’ll be paying intense attention.

I’d chalk this up to the theory that pets pay attention to what we pay attention to, except the majority of the time I have it on when I’m doing other stuff primarily and not in any way directing my attention to the TV, just using it as background noise. Further more, I’ve noticed he pays specifically the most attention to cartoons. When it’s live action drama of some sort, he mostly ignores it. But with cartoons suddenly his attention is fully on the TV.

I have yet to come up with a more scientifically valid theory about this other than “He just seems to really enjoy cartoons.”




You are going to tell you chinchia that you love it and it's gonna say "shut up baby I know it"





My dog watches the fuck out of nature documentaries. Anything with mammals has him watching the screen intensely from the foot of the bed. I'd leave Planet Earth on for him during the day but he has a habit of trying to jump into the TV during the chase scenes and I fear for my flatscreen.

Never heard of an animal liking cartoons, though! That's awesome.







One of us. /r/futuramasleepers





this absolutely works for me, and if you haven't got yourself a pair of 'Sleepphones' yet, do it! They're frikkin' awesome.

https://www.sleepphones.com/

My 'rule' is I try to go to sleep first, for maybe 30 mins or an hour, and if it's not happening, I listen to podcasts. Currently I'm somewhere in the first season of the British History Podcast, but I may never make it out of the Roman conquest period, if I'm honest, as I fall asleep before ever completing a single episode... ah well.

Also, set a sleep timer, if you're listening to something you actually want to continue later, which you can do on iPhones for ANY app, by going to the Timer, and setting the timer 'sound' to 'Stop Playing'. Otherwise you may sleep through 6 1/2 hours of your audiobook, and spend ages trying to find your spot the next night...





I do the same, except with video game play throughs. I love them, and yet can’t help but fall asleep listening to them.





Yup podcasts solved it for me like magic. Lie with one ear bud in so it’ll just fall away when you fall asleep and shift about. Pick a podcast that is interesting enough that it will hold your thoughts, but not so amazingly exciting that you’ll be wired by it....

I can recommend ‘the history of Rome’ for this. (Although some episodes do actually wander into ‘too interesting’ territory!). Mike Duncan’s voice is conveniently lulling. Another is ‘in our time’ (bbc ).





Jim dale put me to sleep through my preteen sleep issues. Harry Potter on tape/cd/iTunes? Is amazing for pulling you out of your world into theirs.




Same! I don't know where I would be without Jim...





Agree with the "cannot be left alone with my thoughts". Watching or listening to anything is usually an improvement.





Harry Potter audio books are the cure to sleeplessness idk what it is but it worked so well for me when I had trouble sleeping (like falling asleep at 5am and waking up at 6 to start my day) also they indused some pretty wild harry potter related dreams that involved running around hogwarts and doing wizard shit. 10/10 would recommend




I AM THE EXACT SAME! There is something so lovely about Stephen Fry’s voice, he calms me right down and I can fall asleep to him so easily!





I fucked up by listening to Pet Cemetery.





I do the exact same thing, I have a hard time sleeping in complete silence, normally I have one ear bud in with a podcast and at least one fan going in my room.





Jim Dale is a hero.





Stopped drinking coffee after 12 pm. Started exercising. All electronic devices are turned off an hour before I want to go to bed.

Turns out I wasn't an insomniac but rather had poor health habits.




Absolutely ditch the PM coffee. I don't have a cup later than 10 a.m.




Also remember other things contain caffeine as well: cola, sport/energy drinks and chocolate (especially dark).




Does dark chocolate contain enough caffeine to have an effect?




Depending on quantity, but absolutely.

100g of dark chocolate has 43mg of caffeine, or about half to two-thirds of a cup of coffee.




Ok but to be fair that's a quarter pound of chocolate.




What's your point 😐




Diabetes




dark chocolate tho







So... I should double it?







yeah, definitely. Also why I gave up diet coke for plain carbonated water.






Don't drink caffeine. (And if you do, try to keep it before 3:00 pm)

Work out.

Have a sleep schedule.

Don't look at screens within a few hours of going to bed. (Realistically, 30 minutes to an hour should be fine, and still have a huge impact on your ability to fall asleep)

If you look at screens a lot during the day, get blue light filter glasses, or at least use f.lux, night light, etc.

Edit: also, have separate lounging and sleeping outfits. Your mind with associate the outfits with their activities, and wearing "pajamas" will help you sleep.

Edit: also also, have a bedtime routine, e.g. every night at 10:30, brush your teeth, put on your pajamas, drink a glass of water, and read for 30 minutes. This will get your mind into "sleep mode" making it easier to fall asleep.




within a few hours of going to bed.

I'm sure it varies between people but I'd say even 30 minutes to an hour is sufficient most of the time for me.

Also don't rely on stuff like f.lux too much. It helps but you're still looking a screen at the end of the day.




If you think flux isn't that useful, turn it off after midnight in a dark apartment and stare at the monitor as you do so. It's like the white flash of a nuclear bomb.




GOD IT'S SO BLUE







I needed something to relax my mind. When it wanders, I have a hard time getting drowsy.

I needed visually calming.

I was interested in space, but not to the point it's riveting.

And I needed a routine.



I still do it. I rarely make it more than 15-20 minutes into the episode. My TV is set to turn off after 30 mins, and once I'm asleep it's fairly hard to wake me up, so I sleep all night.

I cannot hear the opening of the show without immediately getting tired and ready to pass out, it's pavlovian at this point.




Hahaha my wife and I used to watch the universe after work. Both asleep on the couch within 20 minutes after starting an episode. I don’t think we’ve ever seen a full episode, and the episode titles make it sound so interesting!




I do this too! I have it play on my phone so I don’t even watch it. But the Universe or occasionally the Cosmos remake are my go to for getting to sleep or going back to sleep after a nightmare. That’s so weird it’s so specifically similar.





I do this with the 'how it's made' episodes - I'm usually asleep within 5-10 mins and get really tired as soon as the male narrator starts





I am a sleep physician. A few things I want to point out. Not every person who can't fall asleep has insomnia. There are many other disorders that can prevent people from sleeping, including restless leg syndrome, delayed sleep phase syndrome, and sleep apnea to name a few.



If you are suffering from insomnia and it is bad enough that it is causing distress or affecting your ability to function in the day, you should see a sleep physician who can diagnose and treat you especially as there may be other sleep disorders present. Below are some things I recommend to patients.



For insomnia, sleep hygiene is a major part of treatment. A few additional or corrections on some that were stated in this thread.

Avoid caffeine. None after lunch.
Anything that raises your body temperature before bed is bad. Exercise, hot showers, etc can be bad at night.
Avoid light for an hour before bed. This includes screens. If you absolutely have to use a screen then use night mode or a blue light filter.
Do something calming in the hour you spend avoiding light. Reading something boring in dim light, light stretching, light cleaning can work.
Expose yourself to bright light when you wake up. Turn the lights on, open the blinds etc.
Keep a fixed bed time and wake time EVERY day. If you stay up too late one night, do not sleep in. Get up at your normal wake time or as close to it as you can.
Eat at fixed times. Avoid big meals right before bed.
Do not do anything in your bed except sleep and have sex. TV, reading, using laptops/tablets/phones happens in other rooms.
If you cannot fall asleep in 20-30 minutes, get out of the bedroom. Do something boring in dim light. Clean, read, fold laundry. When you feel sleepy again head back to bed. Repeat if necessary.


Medication: Pharmacological treatment of insomnia doesn't work that well. Medications have side effects and pretty much all of them create dependency. Most studies show that medications make people fall asleep about 20-30 minutes faster than they would otherwise. Medications also tend to only work for a while (weeks to months) before they begin to not be as effective. I almost never recommend a medication as an initial treatment.



Melatonin should almost never be used for insomnia. It only helps in falling asleep when taken in high doses, and even then it sucks. Melatonin is used to help move a person's internal clock like in delayed sleep phase syndrome. This is where someones natural clock does not line up with when they need to wake up for work. Say someone naturally sleeps 2am-10am but they have to get up at 6am. They are basically missing out on 4 hours when they would sleep easily and get good quality sleep. They will usually think they have insomnia because during the week they cannot fall asleep, but on weekends they will stay up until 2am and fall asleep easily and sleep for a good 8 hours. To use melatonin to adjust your internal clock the dose should be small, about 0.5 mg and the timing is extremely important. Taking it at the wrong time could have the opposite effect and make people stay up later or not fall asleep.



Alcohol: It can make you fall asleep, but it makes your sleep quality awful. Using it for insomnia only results in worse sleep. Don't do it. It fragments your sleep and will make you toss and turn.



So what does work? The best treatment we have is called CBT-I or cognitive behavioral therapy of insomnia. Psychologists or sleep physicians specialize in a type of therapy designed to help patients make behavioral changes and affect the way they think and feel about sleep. Studies have shown that this is much more effective than medications and has a much longer lasting effect. Studies have shown that people who go through CBT-I and use what they learn do not have symptoms of insomnia at their 2 year follow up.



I hope this can help some of you, but if you are having problems sleeping you should go see a sleep physician so that you can be evaluated. Everyone's case is different and needs individualized treatment.




What about when you have Fibromyalgia - I've tried a lot of that but it doesn't really work - if I do fall asleep its so broken and light (sleep quality is abysmal) that I wake up psychological distressed, especially if this has continued for multiple nights in a row.




I see a lot of fibromyalgia patients because of how poor their sleep is. I would recommend seeing a sleep physician because people with fibromyalgia tend to have an increased incidence of sleep disorders. Common things we see in your situation are sleep apnea and restless leg syndrome. Both of which can prevent you from falling asleep and make you wake up frequently during the night. If all you have is insomnia, CBT-I would be your best bet.




Hey man thanks for taking the time to inform everyone






Okay, this is probably going to sound like I'm just trying to be a pain, but I swear, I'm legitimately curious. With sleep hygiene, I've heard for years about "Do not do anything in your bed except sleep and have sex," like you said... but is that because it's actually fine, from a sleep hygiene perspective, to have sex where you sleep, or is it more a function of not being able to reasonably expect people not to have sex in their own bedroom?





I have a question for you if you could please answer. I get sleep paralysis VERY often, and it’s created sort of a fear of falling asleep, especially falling asleep when i’m woken up in the middle of the night with the paralysis. I usually just take melatonin but melatonin gives me crazy horrible dreams. Any methods to prevent the paralysis?






Vitamin D supplements, no games 1 hour before bedtime, consistent bedtime, no naps, and either 30+ minutes of cardio or -20% calories for the day.

Easy! :P

If I fuck up more than one step in that process, I'm not sleeping, but it's pretty effective otherwise.




so wtf am i supposed to do before bedtime, just sit there with my thumb up my ass? /s




People masturbate to fall asleep, so you're not too far off.




NSFW

I'm a guy, and I've found that masturbation/sex is the BEST way to knock me out for sleep.

Jet lag? fap fap zzzzzzzzz

Can't sleep? fap fap zzzzzzzzz

Stress? fap fap zzzzzzzzz

Blood pressure? fap fap zzzzzzzzz

Afternoon nap? fap fap zzzzzzzzz

Great tool.




Works great for people who aren't insomniacs.




llol yup when I jerk it to try and sleep afterwards im just like "ok i came now what"






Also helps with hangovers. Not even joking.






The screen stuff is the problem. Supposedly the light fucks with your bodies day/night cycle triggers.




Blue light can mess with our natural circadian rhythms. When possible, use night mode or programs like f.lux on computers in the evening time to reduce the effects.

If you set it to transition gradually, you'll barely notice it. Until you turn it off late at night and are blinded by how bright your screen really is.




Do the blue light protection glasses or whatever they are called actually work? I have thought about getting them so I can stay on my computer later.




Use f.lux, it does the same thing as those glasses.




Is that a program you can download? If so how does it help




Yes. It basically will change the color temperature of your screen gradually over time. Essentially gives everything an orange tint but you don't usually notice it unless you revert back to the normal setting or are using color sensitive programs. It will slowly dim over the course of an hour to typically match the sunset wherever you live.




And it doesn't cost anything if anyone is wondering.





i have a special monitor and it seems to work. It makes screens look more like matte or something. It made me turn my phone brightness to minimal and save battery!






The serious answer is anything without screen time - like housekeeping/laundry/dishes/shower/shave/books/homework/study etc.




Homework and study I need my computer 😭





housekeeping/laundry/dishes/shower/shave/books/homework/study

aww hell naw






Read a book.




What the hell is that?

parentreportreply




Vitamin D is a must (but get a blood test first). For years I was waking up in the middle of the night and/or waking up in the morning still feeling exhausted. Vitamin D cleared that up for the most part.

Turns out when I go to work, the UV index is 0 and then when I go home, it's 0, and I guess the windows in my office are UV blocking. So I was never getting any UV light.

It wasn't until I went to the doctor because I got sick 3 times in 6 weeks that the blood test revealed I was seriously low on vitamin D.




Vitamin D deficiency can cause insomnia, too? I found out at Thanksgiving that my vitamin D level was 9 ng/ml, and likely has been that low for over 3 years. I’ve been wondering how I’ve been a functioning human being this whole time after everything I’ve read about it, but I didn’t know that it can affect insomnia, too. Sleeping normally would be really nice.






I actually followed the typical advice given for good sleep hygeine which I ignored for years thinking it wouldn't work/ I would try it once and get frustrated that it didn't work. So, I do not look at any screens for about 1.5 to 2 hours before bed. I do something that doesn't take much focus to wind down, like tidying the house. I have a bath, then sit and read in bed. The most effective thing has been going to bed at a reasonable time each night and sticking to it.






You can get f.lux on your computer to help with the screens thing.




And Twilight/Night mode for phones





I don't think its so much the screen as the addictive NEED people have to keep scrolling through the internet.




It's both.




3:40 in the night right now and why the fuck am I still browsing Reddit? sigh




That's me every night. Scrolling Reddit, wondering why I'm like this.








As a current insomniac, I'm upvoting this question for the visibility.




I also have issues falling asleep. Hopefully, someone has an answer for us!




Hijacking the top comment because this shits important!

Learn SLEEP HYGIENE - google it but it stuff like only using your bed to sleep - anything else you sit in a chair etc.

Wake up at the same time everyday, doesn't matter if it's weekend or not - choose the earliest you have to get up in the week - guess what? that is the time you will get up from now on - every, single, day - this is the only way you can force reset your body's circadian rhythm

Use Baby Sleeping Apps - they are designed to be mild and repetitive but most importantly program your mind to become sleepy when you hear the same tune/melody when going to bed (pavlovian conditioning) - personally I found Baby Sleep Well and it's perfect - automatically loops the sounds so they play all night.

Use an eye sleep mask if you can't make your room pitch black

Put your phone on airplane mode - if you are struggling to sleep, trust me, what ever call or text can wait. You'll be of no use to any one after a few nights of no sleep.

EDIT ADD - also, if you go to bed, close yours eyes and lay there. Even if you can't sleep - i know it sucks but remember, you will still enter low level sleep cycles when you are still conscious (like when you drift off when someone is talking to you when your sleep deprived) - and this is better than no sleep. Even if you have to lay there in bed for 8 hours, put the sleep mask on and don't open it till your alarm - sing, hum, twiddle your thumbs, pray, rest poems - don't open your eyes till your alarm. Then repeat the next night. If this doesn't work you need to go to a sleep clinic to have yourself tested - it might be something simple like acid reflux keeping you up.




This is some good shit my man, thanks




No worries mate - had a bout of insomnia a while back - this saved me from loosing it.




Tight.






It's not always recommended to lay in bed not sleeping. Often times, and this varies from person to person, sleep specialists recommend you get out of bed after around 20-30 minutes of sleeplessness (you can, of course, adjust this if you still want to try to sleep a bit longer) and to do something very mild. Listen to calming music. Meditate. Read a boring book. Write in a journal. Sit and drink warm milk.

I find that keeping my eyes open for as long as possible tends to make me sleepier instead of closing my eyes and wishing for sleep. Keeping them open makes them more tired, but don't be staring at your phone as blue light can jack up your circadian rhythms. If you must be on your phone or it is an addiction and you can't easily put it down, get yourself a blue light filter app like you should be using on your computer. There are plenty free ones out there.





My dad had some advice. Helps me a little (not always): Sweat. Sometime during the day, get enough exercise to break a light sweat. Even two minutes of jumping jacks might do it.

Also gonna add a couple of my own:

Don't consume anything within about three hours of going to bed. Is bedtime at 10PM? Then your dinner needs to be done and done by 7PM or so. Although I do recommend a glass of water close to bedtime.

No LCD screens for an hour before bedtime. Read something from a book, take care of your hygeine (shower, brush teeth, etc), but try to avoid working your eyes against a lit screen.

Insomnia sucks.




Quick question. I work at a job that has a monthly rotating shift. One month I'll be going in at 630am-315pm but then that time will flip to 630pm-315am. Is there not way to get my cardiac rhythm set with this schedule?




cardiac rhythm

I hope you meant circadian because your heart would not like this.

parentreportreply



I honestly doubt it. That's why jobs with shift work like that are less desirable, because of the long term effects of an inconsistent sleep cycle.






program your mind to become sleepy when you hear the same tune/melody when going to bed

Theoretically speaking could I use the Soviet anthem?

parentreportreply




4 things that changed my sleep world

gravity blanket- its like a snuggly burrito swaddler and i feel so safe and cozy under it

himalayan salt lamp- just enough glow, not too much, and i feel like the air breathes easier with it on

sound machine- not only does it block out morning sounds so i can sleep past 6 am, but the repetitive soothing sounds help me drift off without the loudness of my mind yelling at me

essential oil humidifier- calming smell, warm wet air that makes my lungs feel like silk




Second the gravity blanket. I have an awful time sleeping my husband bought me a gravity blanket ( though I think a different band) for Christmas and it has made a huge difference!







Try reading children’s books. I can’t make it 4 pages with my daughter before I’m ready to hit the pillow.






I should check in at 2:00 AM and see who's still up.




Hi, everybody




Hello




Yawn




You still awake buddy?





hi





Me





Rapidly approaching it here.





Hi...




Howdy




Also, me. waves





Me!




Same





I came down with a pretty bad case of insomnia in summer 2016. Falling asleep when going to bed was usually pretty easy, but after 5 hours of sleep I would wake up bursting with adrenaline unable to rest. People would tell me to just do get up, do something relaxing and go back to sleep again but the way I was feeling it was like asking me to relax while sitting on a hot stove. In this way my insomnia was really a special kind of hell. Being awake 19 hours each day and not feeling rested for only a minute sucks, believe me, especially if this goes on for more than a month. I visited my GP who first checked for some thyroid issues which there weren't any and then sent me to a psychiatrist who prescribed me Mirtazapine (an atypical antidepressant). This did work perfectly so I ended up taking it for almost a year in which my sleep was normal again. At some point I wanted to quit taking it because I felt it was making me lazy and complacent. Turns out the insomnia came back, so I went on it again. In the meantime I had taken up meditation and started doing cardio in addition to lifting. When I decided to quit Mirtazapine again I first halved my dosage and worked through a CBT self-help book (Overcoming Insomnia) which did have some helpful advice (keeping track of your sleep, having regular sleep hours, not sleeping in on the weekends, writing down and working through worries about not getting enough sleep). Finally around December last year I quit Mirtazapine for good and went through a rough time again. It has been getting gradually better the last couple of weeks and I'm usually managing to get about 7 hours every day. I wouldn't say I'm completely recovered yet but I think I know how to get there now.

So what fixed my problems? Hard to say, because I really did a lot of things (except taking Benzos which is rarely a good idea, I guess). Other than that meditation, exercise, good sleep habits (no screens before going to bed, yada yada ...), CBT, keeping a journal, taking Melatonin and having a lot of patience seemed to work for me. None of this sounds really new or unexpected, but it's the best kind of advice I can give you.

So tl;dr: I did what is usually recommended and after a while it worked for me.





It's underestimated how much insomnia can affect quality of life. I had insomnia for several years, and could not figure out why. Whenever I visited a family doctor they would tell me I was just stressed or something equally unrelated. After successfully treating it, I couldn't believe the difference. Went from averaging 4-5 hrs to 7 hrs, and have so much improved energy, concentration, memory, mood, and stamina. Unbelievable. This is what worked for me, ymmv.

• Sleep hygiene - never using my bed/bedroom for tasks other than sleep and sex. Relates to classical conditioning and cues. Avoid naps throughout the day, no caffeine after midday, if you are lying awake in bed for more than 20 minutes, get up and wake around. Don't sleep in. Go to bed at a consistent time. Avoid stimulating activities before bed. Did it all. Nothing.

• Diet and exercise - exercise close enough to bedtime to be physically exhausted, not enough to be stimulated. Eat high carb and high tryptophan meals (which is where 'milk and cookies' before bedtime comes from!) before bed to make you sleepy, but not within 30 minutes because of digestion. Didn't work.

• Get comfortable - earplugs, eyemasks, memory foam pillow and mattress, temperature modulation. Nothing.

• Psychological interventions - mindfulness, CBT, psychoeducation, progressive muscle relaxation. No effect.

• Pharmaceutical drugs (Seroquel, Ambien, benzodiazepines, antihistamines) increased my sleep, but it was moot as I would wake up feeling so fatigued. Read about dose-response curves and tried taking them earlier (7 pm) so the sedation would wear off by the morning, and it was ineffective. This may be because some drugs can affect the quality of sleep e.g. amount of REM.

• Tried alternative drugs e.g. valerian, liquorice root, camomile. Some good research about efficacy from valerian. But nope.

• I had given up at this point, but on a whim purchased melatonin. I'm skeptical of alternative medicine, but melatonin is also a pharmaceutical drug that has some positive literature behind it. Research is mixed; I'd guess that melatonin won't work for insomniacs who don't have a melatonin issue to begin with.

Bam. Out like a light. The first restful sleep I had in years. I woke up feeling like Hercules. It was amazing. I decided it was a fluke. Took melatonin again that night. Boom. Slept like a baby. My dose is 2 mg (1 mg = no sleep, 3 mg = morning grogginess). I read up on melatonin, and it's useful for insomniacs who have light cue problems.

Your sleep cycle is regulated by light; too much and the brain thinks it's awake, too little and the brain believes it's time to sleep. Decided I had a light problem, researched light therapy. Bought black out curtains, put them up everywhere so that sunlight couldn't wake me up in the morning. Installed amber filters and darkened settings on all my technology (f.lux and Dimmer) after 8 pm since the lowest level of brightness was too high. Most nights, I'll have all lights out in my apartment after 8. I just use the glow of my phone. Inconvenient, but big impact on my sleep.

Discovering the root cause of my insomnia was one of the best things that ever happened to me.




This was also the root of my issue. I tried every sleep hygiene habit and sleep-encouraging technique I could find, but none of them worked. I went most of my adult life assuming good sleep was simply not for me to have.

Turns out, my caveman brain just can't figure out that interior lighting is not sunlight, and won't keep a healthy wake/sleep cycle on its own inside a well-lit house.

I don't live alone, and it's not fair to my spouse to make them stumble around in the dark after 8pm, but a dose of melatonin before bed does the trick perfectly. It's been working for years now.




I don't even have insomnia but I can't stress the importance of blackout curtains. I have them and they are a godsent. (not insomnia but definitely irregular sleep patterns sometimes etc)

parentreportreply




Trazadone and melatonin. Just recently added vistaril. Now i'm sleeping to my alarm. Glorious!




I’ve had to increase my trazadone and can’t take melontonin (night terrors) and average 3 hours a night. What does vistaril do?




same! my psychiatrist looked at me like I was nuts when I told him 125mg of trazodone will only give me a three hour nap.




holy hell… i take half of a 50mg at night because taking the whole thing makes me feel groggy as hell the next day. your tolerance must be through the roof.




My sister is the same way as well we think it's something with our weird genes. I still get the trazodone hangover but yeah. 3-4 hour nap tops no matter how much I've taken. I've even mixed it with benzos in an act of desperation and still just that nap. it SUCKS.






Vistaril is more of an anti anxiety, it helps some people fall asleep the same way that lowering stress in your life would.

If you are having trouble with trazadone, it didnt work for me, even pairing it with multiple drugs you can move to ambien or restoril. Personally for me to get more than 4 hours i will need to do some medical thc, indica, with my restoril and add dexeryl? (i can never remember the name of that one) or belsombra plus melontonin for the night.

If you are having trouble with trazadone ask your doctor about any of those. I wouldnt recommend the ones i have paired alone as they do nothing alone for me, but seem to help in addition.




Vistaril is actually a strong antihistamine that they typically prescribe for anxiety. So it works like an antihistamine and makes you drowsy like one.







Not former, still suffer.

I've tried many things, from white noise to herbal remedies literally nothing has worked for me, so I just struggle with it, as I have for years now. Started a new job a year ago for which I have to get up at 4.30AM, which has been a real struggle. I average anywhere from 0-4 hours sleep and thanks to my body clock, I usually wake around the same time on weekends. On the occasion where I don't wake up so early, I can sleep for a crazy amount of time, my record is currently 18 hours. I have literally lost a Saturday before.

I only seem to be able to sleep when it's inconvenient, such as when I get home from work and chill on the sofa, I'm asleep within 10 minutes, then I wake up in the evening and fuck myself over by not sleeping until the following night.

Insomnia sucks.




My record is 21! Also, have you tried antihistamines?






Trazodone works really well for me. It's not a benzo or barbiturate or z-drug so it doesn't create dependence or withdrawal or crazy tolerances like those. I take it half hour before bed and go to sleep. I roll around or switch sides no more than 5 minutes and next thing I know, I'm up 8 hours later. Doctors are willing to prescribe it without much hesitation due to its great safety profile.




Man, trazodone makes me feel like I got his by a bus the next am tho...ugh






I'm not going to say my insomnia is "cured" by any means, as I still struggle depending on the day. A weighted blanket for my bed helped immeasurably. I specifically recommend the Gravity Blanket. And weed.




Omg. My worst nights are spent dreaming of a weighted blanket... But the price tag :(




I’ve heard of people making their own. You have to sew it in sections, almost like a quilt, so that the weight remains evenly distributed in the pouches, so it takes some work, but it can be done. I’ve had people tell me they have used dried beans (for smaller lap blankets), sand in baggies, those decorative glass things you put in vases (they aren’t spheres, they aren’t discs, about halfway between the two; you can find bags of them at the dollar stores).

If all else fails, and the weather does not prohibit it, add blankets until you get that snuggly feeling!






Still waiting for my Gravity blanket to arrive after backing the Kickstarter. I already sleep pretty well (all things considered) but I can't wait to see how much better it'll be after my blanket gets here!

It does sound like it will be annoyingly small. How do you feel about the size?




I got a weighted blanket from another company since I had concerns about Gravity actually shipping their stuff. Mine is Sensacalm, which is a super high quality version, but honestly the whole weighted blanket thing isn’t quite what I thought. I hoped it would feel like the lead blanket they put on you for xrays. it doesn’t. Basically just feels like you have 15 blankets on top of you.




Damn, that's exactly the feeling I was hoping for :/

Right now I just tuck my blankets in real tight, so there's a compression aspect to it when I'm in bed, and that's really soothing and comfy to me. Hopefully the feeling of 15 blankets is at least as good, if not better, even if it's not as good as that lead apron feeling.







Removed the stress from my life.





I had a baby. Now, I sleep whenever I can for as long as I can. I still can sleep while sitting on the toilet. It's been two years and I've never felt so tired.




that'll do it !! I use to fall asleep on the toilet at work

parentreportreply



Insomniac = can't sleep.

Me = won't sleep.

Therefore, I'm no longer an insomniac.




I quit smoking and drinking coffee after noon.




Damn I like coffee as the next person but smoking coffee sounds dangerous.




All the cool kids smoke coffee bruh. Up your game.




Nah I prefer vaping it.




Jesus, your next level, I'm out.






ASMR does it for me!




Yes!! I love ASMR! Even when I'm not sleepy, I'll end up falling asleep listening to new videos. It's perfectly soothing. WhispersRed is my favorite.






Marijuana.




Exactly this. Insomnia actually plays a big role in the fight for medical marijuana.




Oral doses of cannabis oil/Rick Simpson oil.






I suggest getting a vaporizer. Once you do that, all you need is the weed and a grinder. Vapes are better on your body, they use less weed, and they dont smell as much (imo they dont smell like weed at all, but they do give off a distinct smell). I have 2 bowls a night and it made me go from absolutely hating the idea of having to go to sleep to actively looking forward to it everyday

parentreportreply


Currently sipping on some rose kush in my MFLB - sleep comes quickly my compadres




Burnt popcorn





Ya but I feel like the sleep isn’t as restful. I wouldn’t hit REM sleep for nearly as long when I was smoking before bed.




When you're suffering from insomnia, any sleep is good. I used to feel like a coke head staying up for days on end. It's miserable




Well that’s a fair point. If you can’t sleep at all then some indica should do the trick.





Marijuana keeps me awake.






An hour of crossfit and some masterbation to tire myself out





I've suffered from insomnia for 17 years but am finally getting a handle on it with a new system I've started the past few weeks. It is the only thing that has worked (I've tried meds, meditation, relaxation techniques, white noise, etc), so hopefully it will help some others.

I first decided how many hours of sleep I need per night. Once I decided on that, I decided on a wake up time, so for example 7am on Monday morning. So count down from 7am as many hours as I need to sleep. For example, I need 10 hours of sleep, so count down 10 hours, and that takes me to Sunday night at 10pm. Assuming a normal person takes half an hour to fall asleep, I should be in bed at 9:30pm.

However, I need to have 90 minutes of 'relaxation time' before this. 'Relaxation time' is time doing something where I don't touch my phone, tablet or laptop. Don't use an ebook reader either. I either read, knit, or do crosswords, and I put on some relaxing music. I like to lay in bed while I do that, occasionally I'll have a bottle of cider (no more), and I like a cigarette or two. So that means that at 8pm, I start my relaxation time.

Before the 90 mins of relaxation time, I have my 'Phone Time'. This is time where I don't use any electronics except my phone, and as much as possible I use the app 'Twilight' (I have an Android phone) which increases the warmth of the screen so that it helps your body produce more melanin to sleep. I just do stuff like read news, catch up on social media, check e-mail, etc. I feel that I need this otherwise I will go to bed and wonder what had happened that day. It's necessary for me to feel mentally relaxed. So, 'Phone Time' starts at 6:30pm.

Just so that I can feel that I've achieved something, I have 15 minutes of cleaning time before phone time - I clear up clothes, arrange my desk, etc. So 'Cleaning Time' starts at 6:15pm.

I've also put in a rewards system. Every time I stick to a time that I have set, it gives me 10c. If I manage to stick to all times of the day, I get a $1 bonus. At the end of the month, all of the money goes into a savings account. I've never made a bonus $1 yet, but still, the changes seem to be working and I'm actually sleeping at a realistic time, and waking up to see the morning, rather than struggling to sleep at 6am and waking up at 3pm.

I have an Excel sheet where I keep track of everything, and you can set up formulae so that if you adjust your alarm time, it will automatically calculate all of the day's times - your cleaning time, phone time, relaxation time, and bed time. If I remember correctly you need to do ='CELL'+NUMBEROFHOURS/24. It makes it super simple to get set up.

I started at 12pm and worked my way down to an alarm time of 7am. I allow myself days where I get up at 10am if I don't have to be anywhere. I don't always manage to stick to everything, but it's okay. Some nights I want to go out. I just try to stick to it as strictly as I can, especially the 90 mins of relaxation time, and it's made such a huge difference to my life.

I hope this helps - if you have any questions let me know.

Edited to add: I also have stopped drinking coffee at 2pm. That's the deadline. I drink extremely strong coffee, so I've set mine quite early. YMMV.

Edited again to add: I'm not advocating drinking or smoking, I'm just describing my routine. If anything, certainly don't overdo it on the drinking and smoking if that's what you already do. Too much alcohol doesn't get you good sleep.




So... when do you live? I'm assuming you get off work at 5pm like most people. When do you shop, clean, talk to friends, bang prostitutes?





Cigarettes can affect sleep because the half-life is short enough that you'll start withdrawing mid-sleep.






Grew accustomed to sleeping 4-5 hours a night and managed my sleep time accordingly. I do everything in my power to not nap after work or I’m screwed. Usually go to sleep after midnight so when I wake up between 4-5 I jut start my day. It is less than ideal.





Received diagnoses of thyroid disease, and along with medication changed diet and increased exercise. ( No gluten, low inflammatory foods helped tremendously)





Melatonin and mediation helps the most for me.




Got married





Podcasts. I tried so many different pills and remedies and shit and I’d still lie awake for hours. I started getting into podcasts and they put me out no problem. Just find one that’s generally quiet and calm and has hosts with nice voices. I keep the volume low and fall asleep to them easily. I think it’s because instead of laying there feeling frustrated that I’m still not asleep, I’m distracted by whatever they’re talking about and I actually can fall asleep because I’m not thinking about it.




There's a little app called Mysleepbutton that says words unrelated to each other at a certain interval and for a certain period of time. You then need to imagine a picture of those words one after the other. It sounds silly but I never fail to sleep under 15 minutes once starting using it and before it took me more like 2-3 hours to get to sleep.





Melatonin. It gives me amazing memorable dreams that are very detailed.





I take sleeping pills honestly.




Cognitive behavior therapy. Basically I forced myself to stay awake 5 hours before I was scheduled to wake up. So if I was getting up at 8am, I wouldn’t go to sleep until 3am. I did this for a few weeks. I eventually would get too tired to stay awake til 3.









I went to college. Weirdly enough NOT sleeping helped fix my insomnia.



Edit I tried melatonin but built up a tolerance extremely quickly and it was doing nothing for me so I quit it





I shower before bed(within 10 minutes before getting in bed). The last 2ish minutes of the shower I use lukewarm or cold water. This lowers my body temp and allows for max coziness when crawling under the covers.




The right meds.




Anti anxiety pills before sleep because the more I can’t sleep, the more anxious I get.








I actually have bipolar but I worked with someone that specializes in sleep issues. I used to have my sleep cycle completely backwards & fucked. So I got use to going to bed at 10am & being up at 2pm. She told me all the things I've seen here about good sleep hygiene and then wanted me to try to move my sleep back one hour a week. So 1st week I made sure I was in bed with everything put away by like 8 so hopefully I'd be asleep by 9 & so on. It took forever but it was worth it. Even though I have strayed as of recently.





Going to the gym, especially when I have an intense workout I collapse into bed and doze right off.

Meditation: Clearing my mind of troublesome thoughts during the day stops them from appearing before I’m about to sleep.

Give up caffeine and sugar





10 mg of melatonin (bought at a natural health food store rather than a Walgreens or CVS chain- quality and purity affect potency) and weed every night





Melatonin has been a life saver.
