
JESUS CHRIST. KETO TURNED YOU INTO A 19 YEAR OLD POP SENSATION.

No seriously. You look amazing. Congrats and I hope the wedding goes great!




He's got the blue steel down.

Shaving the pedo-tache helped immensely too.




hhah that was my husbands reaction when I showed him these pics "Amazing what a few sit ups and shaving off the pedo-stache will do". You ave both killed me. I am dead now.




Should I send an ambulance? Maybe the coroner? Sorry to hear that.




Just pour some dirt over her and leave her be.





I recommend some mouth to mouth resuscitation, it'll be all good




u ok?!1?!?? OP pls respond




Fucking Denko.




Respawn in 10 seconds!




RIP in pepperonis



Somewhere around those last two pictures he mastered that male model face.

This is one of those progress pictures where I really didn't believe it was the same person until I went backwards a few times.




But why male models ?




Are you serious? I just told you that a moment ago. ;)




Think about it Derek.





lol that was my exact thought.... his mastery of social media impressed me




He's got that Blue Steel action going




There's a bit of Magnum in there as well.




Jitterbug.




You put your ball sack into my mouth. Doo dooh! Jitterbug.




I still don't believe it's the same person. It's like he's 15 years younger all of a sudden.




He's still working on Magnum though, isn't he?




this is seriously what i thought.. OP hired male model to pretend to be him.




Looking backward, it's like the sad story of a good-looking man who let himself go... either that, or a 25-year timelapse.





my first thought exactly. dude lost like 20 years in the process!




Yep went from 45 year old to 20 year old




It looks like him and his own son.




Thank you so much!




fucking a, man





Seriously though! This looks like the cover of a weird Animorphs book.

That's freaking amazing




Same two words came literally flying out of my mouth.

One of the most amazing transformations I have seen.




I refuse to believe the transformation or probably some kind of witchcraft.





I think part of it is that he got rid of the pedo stache, and grew out his hair.




If he's getting married why does he already have a wedding band on in the before pics.




I know right, he looks like one of those kids in One Direction. Harry I think. that's amazing!




I just thought the same thing He went from Mall Cop to Pop Star xD




She was Engaged to Justin Bieber's overweight, homosexual stalker and she's gonna get married to Justin Bieber!




No, that just happened because he lost weight. Don't credit his diet for it.




For reals, I got my glitter posters ready





Transformation from father to son :D




I came here for this exact comment

Edit: OK down vote me, OP did awesome just like above comment states






Dear god, you've lost 10 years!




I was thinking closer to 20! He looks late thirties at least in the first photo, early twenties in the last. Although I think the scrotum-goatee didn't help.



[deleted]



Goat-scrote.




Yeah, I'm not sure of the purpose. Maybe to hide my weight? It worked kinda meh.





20!




Well I think 2.432902e18 is a bit of an exaggaration.






I've been on keto since august 2014, and it has been great. It's my first time doing strict keto, meaning no more than 25 carbs per day and eating at a calorie deficit 99% of the time. My past two attempts I did the lazy keto, eating everything which had less than 5% carbs in it, which worked to an extent. I regained my weight both times though after stopping.

This time I've stuck to it the entire time, tracking everything I eat under a microscope, and now I've reached some kind of goal. I'm getting married on saturday, and boy am I glad that my wedding pictures won't look like I'm 35 and about to die an early death.

I've been blessed by having such great support during my weight loss. First of all, you guys. All of you helping each other out has truly been an inspiration and it has helped me to inspirate others with my pictures. My fiancée has been helping out aswell. Even though she doesn't approve of my lifestyle since she's a vegan, she has supported me whole heartedly and even did some ketoing herself including a lot of tofu.

Thanks again /r/keto for your endless support.

EDIT: Wedding pictures are to be found here.




Holy shit you went from bald Ron Swanson to goddamn Julian Casablancas.

Congratulations, and have a wonderful wedding. You worked very hard for this :)




Before

After




No, he is way hotter than that after.




Agreed

And I find Julian Casablancas pretty darn sexy.




I think he has a bit of a younger Craig Ferguson look in his most recent picture.




Oh my god, you're right. Rawr...




You're not helping.. (because you're absolutely right)




Damn that is on point




Yes!!






Please update with wedding photos when everything has settled down after the celebrations. I think we would all love to see the final results!




I'll do that. :)





Yes! I need this! We need this!




Paging /r/LadyBoners lol




You're a bunch of perverts!





35? You wish. You look early 40's in the first pic and end up looking like the next French Pop Sensation at the end lol. Crazy amazing.




Your after picture looks like your before picture's son.




Great work! Word of advice - my sister and her husband both lost lot of weight before getting married and everything was peachy for awhile, yet nearly a year latter they got all their fat back and today they are at their maximum weight.

So keep yourself centered and don't let this external manifestation be the only motivation you have. If you notice you are slipping snap out if it instantly until it becomes a healthy habit.

Good luck! Your new look suits you great, btw!





holy shit I'm gonna do keto the moment I get financially independent.




For now cut out all the extra sugar and bread that you can.




Me. Too.




Will you post wedding pics????




Thank you for sharing, and for adding these details. I've lost a pretty good bit right now, but it's slowing and that's probably because I'm not taking care to watch my calories or to be as strict as I was when I started. It's got me pumped for a renewal of dedication.




You might want to recalculate your calories if you've lost weight already. Keep on trucking :)




I bet your soon to be wife loves that you got rid of that awful facial hair. lol You look a ton better now. GOod job!




My husband is mostly vegetarian, and he's a little unnerved by my decision to eat all the bacon. I turned him on to /r/vegetarianketo and he's getting on board.

You are really looking good! Congratulations. You and I have a similar amount of weight to lose/our goal weights are about the same. Did you work out at all and if so, what did you do?




Vegans can do keto too, it's just a lot harder because there isn't much that will fill you up that is super low in carbs like meat is.

And there's lots of vegetables with unfair amounts of carbs.




Fantastic job, /u/Horspel !!

This is, without a doubt, the very best weight-loss progession post I've seen on reddit in the year I've been here. Amazing!

Did you exercise along with it, or just do Keto alone?




We're getting married? What?

Kidding. You must be so happy. This makes me very happy. Great job. Enjoy your wedding day!




I bought a ton of shit ton of food to begin keto this weekend. I am 25, 6'2", weigh ~270. I am basically you last year. Thanks for the inspiration. I can do this.




I know you can.




You were the same height and weight as I am now, exactly. I haven't been as skinny as you are now for over 2 years




Can you give us a run down on what your daily/weekly diet was like?




Off topic but... is that a Basenji?




My uncle is the same height and starting weight but he is 40 years old and diabetic. Is keto and option? Just asking for your opinion, I'll do my own research as well.




Type 1 or 2? If type 2, it's definitely an option, although he'll want to make sure his doctor is involved every step of the way. (also worth noting, he may need to find a doctor that doesn't insist the Food Pyramid is the latest and greatest in dietary knowledge)




What was your exercise routine like?




Casual dog walks. No hard exercise.




And your daily calories?




I've avaraged 1750. Never was higher than 1900.




Never? I average about 1700 as well. But then once a week I go up to about 2300 when I go out for drinks. But surely if my daily burn is 2500 and the alcohol has no carbs, then that day doesn't matter. It doesn't help or hurt.




Beer/Wine most definitely have carbs and even liquer that does not have carbs can still mar your weight loss if nothing else than postponing it or hurting it if it makes you go over your calorie count for the day.

Not that i have room to talk, i have been unsuccessful in getting myself into keto status >_<




I only drink whisky. And I'd rather slow my progress than have to stop drinking.




Wow. That is amazing. Congratulations!





HOLY SHIT! I've seen bigger losses in this sub, but I've never seen such a complete transformation! You look amazing, congrats! Do people that you haven't seen in awhile even recognize you?




Thank you! Yeah, there've been occasions where the person I was supposed to meet just walked right by me without recognizing me. It's a weird feeling, really.




You know you like it, haha!




This! Without context (presence of other folks they know in common), I bet people who have known him for years would just walk on by with a flicker of recognition.




I know I would.





This is a joke, right? This is a progressive photo array of how a handsome young emo kid graduated from high school, began to realize the world was as he feared, got fat, grew a mustache, and shaved his head in defeat. Right?




In another dimension maybe, this is legit though. Thankfully.




Oh my god! Without the progress photos I would legit not believe the first and last are the same man. Right on man, that must feel so good.




Seriously. If i didn't see his jaw line and eyes changing from pic to pic i wouldn't have believed it.




Not everyday you see Ron farva turn into a Jonas brother




I feel kind of bad for his wife now, I really hope she is a babe. Imagine them both being chunky then all the sudden her husband becomes a backstreet boy. The wedding pictures would be so weird.

Inspiring work though Op! Grats!




Vegans are almost never chunky, she'll be fiiiiine.




Have you seen tumblr?




hahahhahahahahaahaaaaaaaaaa





Sure does. Heart disease runs in my family and now I've probably improved my life-span a couple of years.




I've heard keto is good for weight loss but bad for health in the longer term - kidneys, digestive system... Have you had any professional medical advice on this?




My doctor advised keto. He said if I don't drink enough water I will get kidney stones, if I don't get enough fiber I will have digestive issues, and if I stay fat I will die.





I had to look three times




You went from Farva to One Direction.




Farva

Ctrl-F Farva.

There we are.




I was thinking Kenny Powers to Sid Vicious




If someone would show me:

http://i.imgur.com/pl4wswf.jpg

I'd scream FRAUD!

Jezus christ OP well done ... you look great




Fuck me. I haven't compared pictures like this, and I'm actually stunned.. Thanks for doing this! I've only been adding the pictures straight to the big collage of pictures, and seeing the fat gradually fading is so very different than seeing it like this.




It definitely is very, very different, especially from the first person perspective.





From 40 yr old redneck to 19 yr old swedish model..




He's seriously unrecognizable. This is amazing. Some guests at that wedding are going to be VERY confused.




Imagine wife's aunt coming up to her and telling her "thank goodness you came to your senses, and dumped that fatass redneck" just to have OP stand right next to her and tell her "I'm still here"




Wow, what happened? This is like watching an exquisite butterfly emerging from a chubby caterpillar.




I ran out of PP's to my Harden so I had to become Butterfree.





Creepy uncle status to duck face nephew mode.

Seriously though fantastic job.




Fuck, I didn't intend to duck face.. :(




See, you're 15 again!




I cannot believe it. Wow! You look like an underwear model. The last shot, you even have the glare down. Well done!




The "It's to early to take selfies-face".




It works for you, very attractive :)





I am absolutely SHOCKED! well done, man! you went from unattractive middle-aged dude to sexy as f*ck 20-something guy! genetics my ass!




Cheers! I always knew laziness was the cause, not genetics. It wasn't that hard when you accepted that and made something about it instead of complaining.





nutritionists HATE him!




you won't believe pic number 8!





You look so much younger...




That is one lucky wife-to-be.

Not only did she fall in love with someone who loved her back and wants to spend his life with her... he also turns out to be mad hot.

Can you ask her to PM me some lottery number choices?!




Dude! This is probably the most unreal transformation photo set. I had to zoom in on the face to believe it. Your wedding pics are going to be awesome. Well done!





HOLY CRAP! You look like an entirely different person. The missing member of D1!!! Also congrats on the marriage and the hair do.




1D. It's going to be confusing when his relatives and old friends think they got to the wrong wedding.




What did I write? D1? Oh my goodness.. right you are. I can imagine he's already gotten a fair few remarks about that from relatives and the future wife. :D




Women always thinking about the D first!




LOL up vote for D1. You make my granddaughter cry.




We're talking about the boy band with Joey and Mark and Harold and Nimby, right? ;)




LOL... wait... okay Harry, Nial, Zayne, maybe Freddy? or Paddy? My 14 year old granddaughter is obsessed and talks about them all of the time. She would be disappointed in my memory.




Yeah, but all babies look alike!




I had to zoom in on the image and inspect it closely, no way that's you! :D Great job! PS: Just one advice for your wedding photos - smile! :D You look so concerned on all those pictures. Also, we hope you will post at least one of your wedding photos ;)




I'm not a happy morning person. :) I promise to smile at the wedding!




You're going to make a beautiful groom. I hope you don't upstage your bride too much!




[deleted]



I have some by my armpits, and a little flab under my triceps. Nothing that won't fade away as I start to build myself some muscle. :)




I have some by my armpits, and a little flab under my triceps. Nothing that won't fade away as I start to build myself some muscle. :)

Definite advantage of starting at 24, not 44. Good job.



[deleted]



Well he is just 25, I guess at that young age everything regenerates a bit faster.




Probably, yeah. I was afraid of the loose skin when I started, but it would still be better with loose skin than an early grave.




You gonna add back carbs for bulking?




Not sure. It might end up with me falling in to old habits. Gotta read up more on /r/ketogains so I don't slip.





the most important weight you lost was 2oz of pedo mustache.




Yeah, it wasn't thick enough to justify wearing it. I realized that too late.




All I can say is..WOW. You took like 10 years off your age! The 1st pic znd the 2nd pic look like 2 completely different people! I actually thought , no way, that can't be the same person. Congratulations on your weight loss and on your marriage! :)




You went from a middle-aged fat man to a strapping young adult! Congrats!! You did amazing!




It's like Super Mario turned into a Backstreet Boy...




Really great job! and please don't ever grow that mustache back. The weight loss is phenomenal and you look great now but the difference between mustache and no mustache in pictures 2 and 3 is amazing and took years off your appearance. Congrats on your wedding, may you both live long and prosper!




A well-maintained beard/mustache combo could look really great, but yeah please don't ever do the mustache only again.




What, the, fuck.

Insane.

The best type of relationship, in my opinion, is one where you meet each other when overweight/unhealthy and get lighter/healthy together.




Wow! Absolutely stunning transformation and one of the best I've seen on here, well done!




You're looking great but please don't fall into the trap of joining a boy band! It never ends well




I really enjoyed these pics of you and your son. Congrats!




Damn you killed it man! Great job.




You look amazing! The change in facial hair and haircut really suits you as well. And congratulations on getting married. :)




Woah! You Benjamin Buttoned! You look amazing!




Wow. That's nuts. I remember when you posted the first time you went under 200 and I thought you looked great then. You just keep on killing it. Congrats on the wedding as well man. Hopefully I can get even half the results you got from this. You're an inspiration.




Thanks man! I'm gonna stay active on /r/keto for a long time to repay all the great things this community does to people. I will cheer you on!




Holy shit... if ever there was a keto post that deserved to make it to the front of r/all, this is it. Well done, dude. I went back and forth about 10x before I believed they were both you.




Keto FTW! I think this guy just won /r/keto for the month.





You Benjamin Buttoned! You went from a 45 year old shlebby dad to a 20 year old buff guy! Congrats!




Holy mother of god ! Great going man..




Incredible transformation, well done, lost weight and got younger




Seriously I want to print that picture out and put it up as motivation. Incredible!




This blew my mind, you almost looked like a 40 year old person.




Amazing job man, you look 100 times better than you did (no offense to old you). This shit is inspiring.




My jaw dropped. Amazing progress! High five yourself.




Amazing. People won't recognize you. They will wonder where you've gone and who she's marrying.




99 pounds and 20 years gone! You look like an entirely different person! The new hairstyle and lack of facial hair really suits you.




One of the most remarkable transformations I have ever seen. Congratulations and thanks for the inspiration!




this is one of the most shocking transformations i've ever seen. nice work, man.




My god. This transformation is amazing. Your starting pictures look how I look right now. You've just become my personal inspiration to get back in the saddle and try keto again.




I'll help any way I can! As Shia would've said: "Just DO IT!".




can you please share your recipes or food eating habits? i know you were doing keto, but what made it work for you?

I am currently in the process of starting keto




It helped me by not trying to replace the carbs with substitutes. I kept it simple and ate a lot of the same things several days a week. Meat, sausage, lots of cheese in the beginning (not anymore due to the calories) and lots or veggies. Not cheating helped me aswell. It made me push myself harder trying to manage a strict keto diet for as long as I could, and I'm still going strong.




Were there specific veggies you consumed? Or a specific mix of veggies?

That's where I'm having the hardest time. I wish there was some sort of pre-made pack of frozen veggies I can buy at a grocery store





Nick Offerman to Richard Hammond.




wow. Not only did you lose a lot of pounds, you also went back in time.




What the actual fuck. Those are some incredible facial gains.




Your spouse must be happy




WHAT THE HELL MAN.

WHAT DID YOU DO?

HOW?




KETO! \o/




We have to know man, how happy is your soon to be wife right?!




She's always told me that she would love me even if I would gain it all back, but just the fact that I don't ever snore anymore makes her really happy. :)




did you have sleep apnea at all?




Nope. I finally sleep like a baby.




Congrats. I've been visiting this board daily for over a year and this is a top 3 keto transformations I've witnessed. Model status unlocked. Enjoy your wedding day.




WOW!!!! You seriously look 15 years younger! The guy in the first picture looks like the guy in the last picture's dad!

Congrats. You probably feel 15 years younger too. :) Enjoy it, you've earned it!




That last pic looks like Flynn Ryder. Here comes the smolder.



[deleted]



Sausage, saurkraut, lean meat and white meat was what my diet mostly consisted of. Made sure to eat enough magnesium, potassium and sodium aswell. I used the keto calculatlr located at the side bar in /r/keto to calculate my macros. I've been between 20-35% of a deficit during my weight loss. Haven't done any working out except for some light cardio for the first month.




Sauerkraut master race!





Sorcery. Burn the witch.




Man, those tux fittings must have been a bitch.

Seriously, though. Good on you.




You went from Mexican to White. wtf




Lol




Holly fucking crap! You don't look like the same person! Also your style/look is way better!

Good to go man




I did keto, drop down to 140lbs, (6'4" Male) that was interesting. Over the last 2 years I've ballooned back up to 195lbs. (188lbs today). Your post as made me more motivated. Crazy how different you are now.



[deleted]


[deleted]


[deleted]




Wow, dude...congratz and way to go! You look like a completely different person...:-) KCKO!




This is probably the most different I have seen anyone look. I was sure you were two different people. Good luck!




Holy shit... you find the fountain of youth or something? Looks like you just halved your age!

Congrats




This is the best loss I've ever seen, you literally time traveled to a younger you.




You look like you turned into your own son




What were your macros?




35% ish deficit during the first 5 months or so, never slipping up on my macros. Then I did 20-25% deficit until now. Haven't cheated once.




How the fuck did keto de-age you??!?




Is that you Mac Demarco?




yes, he took Salad Days literally. Every day is a salad day for OP.




You look 10 years younger. You look fantastic! Congrats!!




God damn you went from Paul Blart to Paul Uh... Good Looking.





I have to say, of all the progress pics I've ever seen, this is without a doubt the most stunning transformation. Dude you look fucking amazing.




Thanks! I'm glad you liked it. :)




i am at the third to last picture. I will try Keto thanks to your pics.




You went from depressed firefighter to a panty-wetting-male-model.

Great job. Now build more muscle.




you went from 43 to 19!!! WOW




This is such a crazy transformation that I'm having a bit of a hard time believing it.




That mustache was not your friend. Congratulations on shaving it off!




It's like you can see you becoming mentally more fit. After one year you are like..."what the hell have I been doing....lemme turn this camera landscape"




Holy shit, you lost 20 years. Its like you've gone from father to son!




what the fuck he reversed the aging process




Congratulations!




Holy shit man. I just weighed myself this morning and 3 days in, I am at your starting weight.

What a motivation! Be sure to post a wedding picture! I don't know if I can make it to 173, but dammit I will get healthier!



[deleted]



Shut up, he is in a boy band now!




the take away here is that he looked like crap, but still got the girl...




What kind of black magic is this???




I don't believe you OP, but I want to believe.




BASENJI + KETO LOVE coming to you from Chicago. Your other dog is great too, but Basenjis are the best.




Oh yeah! Basenjis for life :)




Jesus christ I think you regained some lost youth too! That is so crazy!

We want wedding pictures!




You lost 20 years, jesus christ dude.

You're hot now.




Holy crap, you look way better now.




How did you feel when you realized you were hiding an actual different person inside you?




Are you sure you are not Benjamin Button?




Congrats, but why do you already have a wedding ring on in your last photo holding the dog? It says its from last August...




It's an engagement ring. Swedish tradition, don't know how other countries do it, but we usually wear this until we switch it to the real wedding ring at the wedding.




Judging by his use of kgs, my guess is he's from one of the European countries where it's customary for both men and women to wear an engagement ring.




Hey dude, your pictures made me click that "Keto In A Nutshell" link on the side. You are the Jared of Ketosis! (And good job, it's a really happy story, btw.)




I'm honored! Try it and see how it works for you; can't recommend it enough.




Wow how the hell did that happen! Haha you look so young and different. Congrats! Keep on doing what you're doing.




OMG, you look at least fifteen years younger! Good job!




Holy fuck it looks like you hopped in a fucking time machine!




Amazing results. Congrats!







As a dude that's not into other dudes: you look good.

And contrary to a bunch of other comments I think the moustache is a good look for you.




Thanks dude. Maybe I should give it another go.. ;)




Nice! You went from Farva to Julian Casablancas.




Wow. We look almost disturbingly a lot alike. Especially the first few pictures on the bottom row. That could totally be me. Same hair color, same eye color, same rough length, same general build, same unkempt hair. It's a bit eerie actually.




I always suspected that I was adopted.




I just want to point out this was done in less than ONE YEAR. Inspiring. Nice job man.

How did you push through to the end? I'm hovering around 200 lbs and it seems like the next step is just impossible. Do you really attribute the difference to strictly counting calories?




He wrote that this time what stuck was strictly following the limit of 25g of carbs per day.

He also mentioned eating at a calorie deficit, which probably does mean counting calories but keto is more than just counting calories.




What /u/kollane said. An important part of dieting was not having to feel bad during the weight loss, and that is why keto worked so well. I haven't been hungry in 10 months, yet I've been on a deficit the entire time. In summary: Yes. Counting calories and tracking the other macros made it possible




This is seriously one of the most stunning changes I've seen on this subreddit. You're truly and completely reborn and I wish your wedding day to be THE AWESOMEST EVER!!




Thanks! I'm sure it'll be absolutely fantastic.




How does your wife feel about you now? I bet she can hardly keep her hands off you :)



[deleted]



This is my favorite keto story ever. Congratulations on everything!




Glad you liked it! Thank you!




NO FREAKING WAAAAAY!!!!!!

Did you take pictures of your father and then your son??!??!?!




First off, congratulations. Second off, holy shit! Fanfuckingtastic job man. I love this sub, so many people changing their lives.




DAMN! Congrats dud on winning the keto transformation of the month and on your soon to be marriage.

Ps: totally look like the hottie from dazed and confused




Whoa you melted and revealed a total hottie !




You went from looking like an overweight 49 year old to looking like a hot 19 year old Good job!




Damn. We have discovered time travel. 35 year old to a teenager. Can't wait to reach 180.




Progressing through the pictures it looks like your body absorbs your mustache, powers it up with the body fat, and shoots it back out the top of your head.

Amazing progress, congratulations!




If you reverse the time line, that's me from when I was 22 to now.




Holy fuck.




You just inspired the fuck out of me. From the neck down your first pic is me. The last pick is the old me when I was in the military. Time to stop fucking around. Incredible job.




From Farva to Jude Law. Thanks for the pics. Adds to the motivation.




daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamnnn




it was the hair after all...

TIL:growing hair =losing weight




How did your fiancé react to the change?




She's happy I feel better and have more energy. She insists that I looked just as good one year ago. ;)




Is the Blue Steel or Magnum look?




Oh my freaking gosh... what the heck??? You look like a different person in every picture!! Kudos!!




Can I marry you, too?





What a beautiful couple you make! Great job OP




WOW!!! Love this inspiration. You look incredible and crazy younger!




You also went from mexican to european!




I'd love to see what all these people from /r/all who have no idea what /r/keto is would say if he posted how he did this instead of his progress pics. Cue the "OMG ur killing urself!!!!!111"




My physical health has never been better. :)




Can someone explain why he doesn't have loose skin hanging?




I do have some. It's not very visible though. Most of it is around my arms and thighs.




Holy moly!




I hope my end result is half as astounding as yours. I mean, whoa. Congrats on the wedding!




Holy fuckin' shit dude! That is an amazing transformation! Congratulations on all your success!




Good lerd dude, you turned into an attractive human being, pretty impressive what dropping a hundo will do.




I thought you were kidding with picture of a celebrity at the end. That's you! Amazing transformation!




You look fantastic! Congrats!




Looking great man. Congrats!




I am pretty much exactly the same shape as you are in your starting picture. The way you transformed is amazing, like others have said, you have lost 10 years. Seeing something like this as a fat 25 year old really motivates me to get off my fat ass and start running or something. I want my 20s back, too.




Wow! What an amazing transformation. Congrats!




This is one of the most amazing transformations I have ever seen. Congratulations on your success, and on your wedding!




I came from /r/all and holy shit man this is flat out incredible. In your old pic i would guess you are someone pushing 40 but in your updated one you seriously look like youre closer to a teenager. Congrats on the transformation and on living a healthier life i imagine your future bride to be is very happy.




This is one of the biggest transformations I have seen! You look amazing! Congrats on all your success and upcoming wedding!




you could do this the other way round and its like growing up and turning old and fat. FUCKING AMAZING MATE. keto turned you into a Calvin Klein model and made you lose 10 years. did you do much gym work once you got down to a good weight?




Wow this is amazing! One question! Did your stretch marks disappear by themselves, or did you use something to get rid of them?




I haven't done anything to make them dissapear, they are just less colorful. I don't really mind them, they just remind me to keep going.




Goodness gracious me. You look fucking amazing. Your transformation is phenomenal!




Wow, awesome dude. I hope I'm getting there somewhere. I;m about the same as you when you started and hoping to get where you are now. Hope you have a nice wedding day




Daaaamn nice job




HOLY MOTHER OF GOD! YOU ARE SO SEXY!




I've stopped believing that between the first and last picture that it was the same person.




Damian Kulash?




Congrats! You look great!! Good luck next Saturday, please post wedding pictures :)




So... How's it feel going from Ron Swanson to Harry Styles?




Wow. Congratulations and best wishes for a happy life. Besides keto, what have we learned from this? The shaved head and mustache look is not a good look on you. The longer hair suits your new younger 21st century style.




wow, just wow.

You seriously look 10 years younger. The lack of mo, the new hair & of course the weight lose.

Its really hard to believe its the same person




This should have been posted under WTF. But seriously congrats on the progress and the wedding.




Holy crap. Congrats man. That's an amazing transformation




holy christ you are infinitely better looking, and this is coming from a straight dude.




dude good job, all your weight transformed good looking hair style and you turned into a model.




Fuck yeah to weight loss and marriage, dude! You look fantastic :)




What sort of exercise routine do you do?




Looks like nothing.

Weight loss is great, but getting fit is better.




This is true. It's time to build!




Holy shit, what a progress.




That last pic, looks like the beginning of a Levi's or Calvin Kline ad.

Great weight rebate!




You also seem to have lost about 30 years. Wow. Just....wow.




You went from 34 year old trucker to Gavin Free.




WHOA!!!! This is incredible! Massive well done dude.




Jesus Christ man... Can I borrow your time machine? 40 to 20 in less than a year?

You look great, congradulations!




Oh my god. NOW YOU ARE LOOKING LIKE JUSTIN BIEBER.




Holy hell. Did you happen to find the fountain of youth while shopping for chicken breast? Great job!!




Shit, dude. Well done.




Hey Farva, what's that restaurant you like going to?




Congratulations man! Hope your wedding is awesome.

And also good call shaving the moustache.




Dude. This is insane. I had to do a triple take to make sure it's the same person.




Do you get many people who haven't seen you in a while and don't recognize you?




WHAT!? I swear on my life it's like you dropped 20 years off your age.




Dude this is absolutely inspiring. Holy shit that's awesome.




Thats really inspiring for me! I've dropped from 272 to 239 in a couple months so far and it's really nice to see what kind of changes I can expect! I'm not doing whatever "keto" is but I'll look into it!

Congratulations and be sure to post to wedding pictures!




That first shot with your dog is a really nice picture.. the colours and shadows work well. I'm suspecting that was taken with a decent/above average camera, DSLR?




DUDE! Congrats on the wedding AND the weight loss. I am adding you to my inspirational people list. Amazing!




Jesus Christ monkey balls. I know it's been said but you went from a sad middle-aged looks man to someone who would not seem out of place on the cover of a teen magazine.

You're wife's a lucky lady, and I say that as a straight man.




You went from a middle aged old man to a hottie. Great job! Congrats on getting married! = )




Good work man, you look like a completely different person. I'm sure the soon to be wifey is stoked




Took me like 2 minutes to grasp how this was real.. un fucking believable. Congrats!



[deleted]



I hope not. That would've been a great waste of 10 months.




OMFG. Good job, now you're not only thin but genuinely hot. You're fiancé must be so proud of you!




What was your workout plan?




You get skinny in the kitchen and big in the gym, weight loss is 90% diet




Okay. Not what I asked. I just wanted to know what his workout regimen was since he was obviously on keto.




Except from dogwalks it has been approx 95% diet.





That's the craziest transformation I've ever seen. Super impressive.




Hey man, great job... what do you put in your hair?




Some cheap hairspray the day before.




Holy cow! Dude, you started at the weight I'm at right now and you've lost even more weight than I thought I'd ever be able to. That's pretty inspiring!




Wow, seriously - you look like two completely different people.




Redneck to red hot.




You've taken the first step. Take the next step. Start hitting the gym. Get swole.




Holy shit you look hot, dude!




The fuck is happening here? I mean that's two completely different persons in the pictures!

Fuck! Great work, dude! You even seem to get younger in the pictures!




The problem is your fiance probably freaks out when she wakes up "OMG THERE'S A STRANGE MAN IN MY BED"




You look 15 years younger! Not to mention, happier and healthier! Congrats.




Congratulations on the transformation! It took you a while but you finally learned to turn the camera sideways.

Jokes aside, amazing job man. I'll say the same thing as everyone else because you really wouldn't be able to tell the difference between the first and last pic if it weren't for the progress pics.




Are these in the right order? That is one of the most amazing transformations I have ever seen if so.




This looks like an Animorphs cover.




Do you have an exercise routine?




wow looks like you got 15-20 years younger too.




Shit. Not only do you lose weight, but you lost age too. Tell us your secrets.




Wow the difference shaving a mustache makes!!




Wow did you exercise as well or was it all diet?



[deleted]


[deleted]




Please dude, we need more details of your every day diet and routine. You're awesome, btw.!




Fountain of youth has been found people!




Omg no more mustache for you omg what a change




Two things... The time machine worked! Never cut your hair that short again. I bet you feel like a million bucks and have energy to burn as well.




How the hell did you manage to age backwards too? Great job!




Dude congratulations you look like a totally different person! Much better too!




Great progress on the weight loss!

If you start lifting, you'll look even better.




Thanks! That's the plan. I'll post again when I'm swole. ;)




dude it looks like you went from 45 to 19...its kind of scary actually




The fat...did it become hair? Because if so, I am so glad I am trying to shed the jigglypuff also. shacks belly Bitch cannot even sing em to sleep!

But congrats, it takes a lot of hard work.




I'd say your right side is your good side.




That is stunning. I wouldn't believe it was real without the progress pictures. Bravo.




Soooo.... You single?

Jk amazing progress!




shaving and letting your hair grow out really helped too!




Wow! Great job!!




Fantastic work. You should share your grocery list. Also, don't ever, EVER, grow that ugly goatee or mustache again.




Holy fuck like others have said. you fucking look so so much younger god damn! congrats man.




Wow dude. You look like a different guy. Congrats.




Wha.. wait.. what? This is the same person? I.... I... what?

(holy shit congrats!)




Your transformation is so great it looks like someone turned someone's aging pictures on the opposite order, unreal.




First of all congrats on the amazing weight loss. Wonderful! Now please tell us how you also got ten years younger???? Seriously, you do not look like the same person.




Holy Shit! Benjamin Button!




you used to look like a middle aged cop.




Holy Cow Batman! Somebody jumped into the Lazarus Pit!




It's like watching Axl Rose in reverse.




Whoa! Amazing!

The new you somehow reminds me of William Levy.




Holy shit.




fucking awesome man, I'd never have believed it from just the before and after pics




Also, for the love of Zoidberg, never, ever, ever again grow a moustache. Seriously. :-)




Ya, Jesus dude, you went from Ron Swanson to I don't know who! Doesn't even look like the same person!




Damnnn have fun at your wedding!




Apparently all that fat went to his... head.

Well done Sir!




GOT DAYUM OP. Just fucking amazing face gains bro. You HAVE to be feeling so much confidence right now in yourself. Hopefully your wife isn't feeling insecure because you're in a whole nother class now, bud.




Congrats on your wedding and weight loss!




Congrats man!

Now bring back that porn stache.




Jeezle chritmo you look hot, you went from washed up divorced cop to k-pop sensation, if i was single and into dudes i'd buy you a no calorie drink. Fantastic!! Well fucking done.




Holy shit, you went back in time. This is fucking amazing!




What a fox,




You lost 10 years with that weight loss!!!




Wow, that is insane.

You went from a fat, ugly, unhappy person to a good looking guy. You look 20 years younger.

It's difficult l to believe that is the same person.




Legit thought this was fake. AMAZING!




Holy crap good job




Say CARRAMROD!




I hope your fiance did this as well because your stock has gone up quite a bit in the past year. Good job dude, you look amazing.




You look about 45 in the first picture, and about 20 in the last. Well done.




Amazing! Congrats on your wedding too!!




Great job!




To the top of /r/keto with you!

Seriously. You win. That's all.

The only thing I can say is: "Holy fucking shit."




How does going from 190 to 170 change your look so much? Seriously.




Outstanding, keep up the good stuff!




You looked like officer Farva!




Wow that is ridiculous! Great work man!




Dude. Incredible job. Wow.




You look like your own dad in the Before pic. Well done!




If you hadn't posted so many intermediate photos, I would have thought you might not be the same person. Incredible!




Well holy fuckety, the keto gods certainly smiled upon you! Congrats, treasure the day :)




Is that a Basenji? Keto/Basenji brothers unite!




You know it brother!




You look like Anakin Skywalker




You look amazing! Please update us with your wedding photos!




Well done! I got married two weeks ago and lost three stone (about 45lbs) and really wish I had lost more, but even that made a huge difference on how I felt on the day. You are going to look and feel amazing! So excited for you!




Nice job! You look awesome!




The drop from 90kg to 80kg is the most significant in my opinion. It's finally when you go from looking chubby to looking fit. As someone currently at 90kg, I'm so excited for when I finally get down to 80kg. Shit is going to be so tight.




And what does she look like?




Wowsa! You lost like 15 years too!




Dude, you look so much better now. Unreal what 99 pounds can do. Way to go!!




This. Is. Amazing. So happy for your HEALTH! :)




You look younger and like a completely new person! Congratulations!




TIL Benjamin Button is real




Thats a total transformation, Great, Gratulation!




Dude, you went from "creepy pedo guy" to "someone i'd probably make out with".

Good fucking job




You went from the creepy neighbor who probably watches your girlfriend change through the window to pop star lol. What an amazing transformation, I bet your fiance is super excited as well as you are.




Hory crap you aged backwards o___O




This is the most amazing progress picture that I have ever seen on reddit. Super awesome, congrats!




You look like two completely different people. Congrats to a nice healthy weight




How many calories did you typically eat a day? Way to go, man!




Motivation restored!!!!




Wow. Just wow. You literally time traveled. Is this some kind of magic age spell? Congrats!




I hope your save the dates had the first pic on them, the. At the wedding people will be shocked even more so. You look like a completely different person! Congrats on the fitness and congrats on the wedding!!!!




This is the best /r/brogress type pic I've ever seen.




Just amazing OP. Absolutely amazing!




Lucky wife!




No way is that the same person. Craziness.

Update: Ok. The only way I can kind of believe it is because it's the same bathroom. Lol.




I'm shocked that those are the same man




My wife thought you were your son if that makes sense... Out. Frickin'. Standing.




Jesus man... you look like an entirely different person. I really had to look at the first and last picts closely to tell it was still you. You look great!




Dude. Nice. You're seriously a completely different person! Good job staying mentally and physically strong, and completely smashing your goal weight!




I think you're being cuckolded by a lean mean machine. You've gotta lock that down!

But seriously - congrats. You look like a new person and I'm sure you feel like it.
