I believe the people were actually fine, despite how bad the crash looked. A rollcage and full racing harness/etc can make a big difference.

This was during the Pikes Peak hill climb, not just some idiots racing on a mountain road.




Yup, the rollcage is what kept the car from flattening completely.




This is what you get without a rollcage. (Also "nonono" applicable)




Well, when the car pancakes, at least it stops rolling more quickly.

It's like the difference between a hackey sack and a golf ball.




Rolling transfers energy over time, pancaking means more force all at once. Unless you're smashing into trees, rocks, telephone poles, other cars, and all those other little hazards rolling can put less force on the occupants. I guess you pancake if you hit a tree anyway




Rolling spreads the impact energy over time, reducing peak deceleration. It's the deceleration that usually kills.




I'm just glad to see he put his 4 ways on. I guess he didn't want to get rear ended.




The car probably does that automatically.







You left out shit your pants and shriek like a little girl.




no damage except that expensive ass airbag you needed replaced




Yeah, no shit. "No damage except the airbag." = "About a grand worth of damage."




Would you care to explain what you mean by the airbag needing a metal pipe come through your windshield?



[+]unclesteveo comment score below threshold  (1 child)



Aside from being an idiot on a public road, you can also tell he doesn't know what he's doing by how he keeps turning the wheel more and more as the front lets go..




I don't think there's much you can do with such heavy understeer except for slowing down, and he clearly didn't have room for that.

*Edit: Ok rally drivers clearly you're the experts. All of your tactics and expertise would have done nothing for this guy; he simply ran out of road. I don't care if you're Colin McRae, nobody is making that turn at that speed with that entry.







Yeah pretty sure he was braking out of that turn helping his understeer get worse




Understood, but steering further just makes the slide worse and demonstrates a lack of experience.

For those wondering the proper thing to do is, in simple terms, steer back a bit until the tires bite, then push it until it starts to slip again and repeat if necessary. If you know what threshold braking is, apply the same concept to steering and you should have the basic idea. Continuing to turn the wheel more and more is what you would expect of a starbucks yuppie caught in a freak snowstorm.




Have you ever raced a car before? That doesn't work, it wouldn't even work in a sim. You, Michael Schumacher and Colin MacRae were not saving that car with the way he entered the turn.




Uh, yeah, almost every weekend during the summer. Guessing you haven't? Also, I don't recall saying that would have been enough to save him, only that it shows a lack of experience.




Colin McRae is dead, mate.

Helicopter crash.




He definitely wouldn't have made that turn then..!




An inquiry blames rally champion Colin McRae for causing the helicopter crash in which he died along with his five-year-old son and two family...Sheriff Nikola Stewart said the racing driver was guilty of "imprudently" and "unnecessarily" taking the helicopter on a dangerous low-level flight into a heavily wooded valley in 2007 to thrill his passengers, despite having no pilot's licence for the aircraft.

why did this not make a big spectacle in the news, I haven't heard of this :(




It was a big deal, as it is when the best in any sport dies. Maybe it's because he didn't die while racing, like Senna and so many others, that you didn't know about it.




It did in the UK




Tbh, I only knew he died because I worked with him but I certainly didn't know he was at fault until I saw the comment replying to mine implying he fucked up.

I guess the press don't like to tear down too many heroes... if he was a footballer (soccer player) it'd be different.




You don't think I know that?




Ironically, caused by driving flying like a moron.


load more comments (10 replies)





In the event of understeer you steer towards the direction of the slide in order to regain traction with the front wheels. Someone who knew what they were doing might have been able to recover that.




In an M3, it's as easy as lifting (gently) off the gas to shift the weight to the front.

Be prepared to catch an oversteer. Add gas, countersteer, and look like a badass while flipping everyone the bird from your BMW.




and look like a badass while flipping everyone the bird from your BMW.

This is the image I place in my head of anyone driving a BMW.

I know I am wrong, but I never let them merge infront of me if they have passed me on the right .




Some of us are just trying to get the car to and from the track to tear it up responsibly :)




Can't upvote you enough. I was raised by a racecar driver, and people speeding and racing on streets pissed me off to no end knowing how many local tracks were available and underutilized. :(


continue this thread


If they passed you on the right you failed to keep right except to pass/slower traffic keep right. Enjoy your $300 ticket! ;-)




Right lane was ending has the 4 lane road was turning into a two lane county highway. ;)




Quite impressed with the side airbag that knew he was crashing before any significant impact!




I am really amused that despite all of the other damage, somehow that passenger's door looks almost unscathed even up into the window frame...







You just can't appreciate the drop.




he front tires of the BMW M3 hit gravel and lost grip

Bullshit, he went into that corner way to fast and cranked the wheel way to hard trying to recover.




Are people really that careless and stupid?




A little late to the show here, but I remember a forum discussion about this and his airbag deployed before the full impact due to hitting a rock right before he went off the embankment. Odds are if that didn't happen he wouldn't have lived that.

Edit just kidding I'm retarded.







Are the canopy/side/curtain airbags what pop up across his side window? I've never seen that before




Yes

This is out of my ass, but side is basically to prevent you from hitting your head off the window, curtain does the same but is one bag for front and back seats, and canopy is more to cushion your head as it bounces off the roof.




Same concept of how some higher end convertibles have rollover sensing and self-deploying roll bars.

We have those? Fuck I love living in the future. Seriously. We have some cool shit these days




I know the m-b sl has/had it (like 10 years ago), and possibly the slk (big ??).

Probably more.

edit: I think porsche?

I'm going back to louis ck special on netflix so the wiki hole is on you.




The roll cage almost killed both of them. It wasn't triangulated properly, didn't have adequate protection for the passenger and the seats were bolted to the floor pan and both came loose. These dudes were extremely lucky. The builder of the car refused to take criticism on it too.

http://www.pirate4x4.com/forum/general-4x4-discussion/1087042-wow-i-cant-believe-roll-cage-jeremy-foley-pikes-peak-2.html#/topics/1087042?_k=tk4f89

EDIT: The actual build thread and details on the guy being called out on his shitty cage and even worse attitude about being told he built the car wrong and unsafe for the racing he was doing.

http://www.evolutionm.net/forums/motor-sports/594243-evolution-dynamics-pikes-peak-build-25.html#post10340317




Holy mother of God...




He wasn't drifting you dweeb




And I was thinking the organs were probably not recoverable from that. Shocked they were fine.




Professional racing safety is actually insanely good all around. It just costs crazy money to make everyone that safe.




It also was not drifting. Just a miscalculated corner.




A rollcage and full racing harness

The full racing harness also keeps the shoes in place, right?




No, that's the job of the full-racing shoes.




Yeah and for that area it's not a steep cliff




That one crash was worse than a lifetime of boxing and football combined.




professional or not that seems like an idiotic thing to do




Nobody intentionally drives off a cliff, these things just kinda happen.




and you dont think that racing round a corner that overlooks a cliff makes that more likely to happen?




Yes, but isn't the point of doing a hill climb to push the limits in order to get to the top of the hill the fastest?




thats irrelevant to the point being made


load more comments (14 replies)


In the stabilized version you can really appreciate how far the car rolls.

courtesy of /u/TheodoreFunkenstein




God I love it when people come up with creative ways to reveal more information from videos.




There are a few times where I've realized that I'm living in "the future" I was born in the early '80s and "the future" came very fast, though I often don't realize it. I somehow miss it when using GPS and seeing my position in the world on a phone screen, but realize it a bit more when I turn on satellite view and see lakes and houses around me.

I have realized it in a few places though. When I go to a restaurant and see the menu on a flat panel screen which changes, I get a little inkling of "the future." I went to a mall in Florida, and there was an interactive touch screen which showed my position in the mall (they just preprogrammed where the touchscreen was) and showed me a map to my destination when I chose a store. At that point, I really felt, "the future." This gif again makes me feel that I'm in "the future."

"The future" will probably come again when someone comes up with a real way to enhance a 320x240 gif of a blurry face to full on 4k mugshot quality, but I will likely miss the fact that i'm in "The future."




Whenever I say "Ok, Google..." I realise I'm in the future.




The future comes when I can customize what I say instead of "OK Google". Who came up with that, anyway? It doesn't roll off the tongue at all. It's a very guttural phrase. Let me record my own phrase that the phone recognizes.




All i can say is, I have an accent and until recently I could not get the train company that serves my city to understand my accent with their VO ticket service.

I have no probs with google.




I don't have any problem with saying ok Google or it understanding me. I just think it's a shitty phrase. There's no flow to it.




it's not perfect but to me it's up there with "Ok, computer," or "Captain Kirk to Enterprise."




Moto X Play from last year allows you to access the Moto voice functions with a phrase of your choosing, which will then pass on to Google as necessary. I have no reason to believe they've taken that out of the new models.

But yeah, "OK Google" is terrible. I really have to slow down and enunciate that if I want it to come out clearly.




The day my phone responds to being called Jarvis is the day the future begins




You should try out an HTC Vive.




I'm actually saving up for that. I need a new video card to go with it though.




I spent far too long wondering why the people at the top of the hill weren't reacting at all...




This is one of the cooler things I have seen this week.

What a smart idea. They basically made it into a giant gif. If someone spent enough time they could fill in the black as well since it will mostly be static.




I don't think it is possible without artificially doing it since every detail that could be seen has already been added to the stabilized version.




Check out /r/ImageStabilization




He pressed the wrong button in the steering wheel. He wanted spike wheels, not jump skis.




"Go, Go Gadget...ʞƆ∩Ⅎ..."




Thats not a drift.
He took the corner too fast and underestimated its tightness, and had too much understeer to make the corner.

If he was drifting his angle to the corner woud be quite aggressive.




Yep. He basically did the exact opposite of drifting.




Well, he did drift the front wheels pretty good.




Yup, he was attempting to go fast, not drift.







On a cliff side during THE toughest hill climb




Yup! Even when it goes right, these guys don't go sideways to look cool, they go sideways because they're in a massive hurry in 1000hp bastards, and everyone else is also in 1000hp bastards, and the road is slightly rural.

The Pike's Peak times are insane, and some of the electric cars are putting down frankly ludicrous amounts of power and torque.




This was at the Pikes Peak Hillclimb in 2012.

http://www.autoblog.com/2012/08/13/watch-jeremy-foley-crash-his-evo-8-at-pikes-peak/




Both Foley and his co-driver were air-lifted to a local hospital, but have since been released. Early reports suggest Foley escaped the calamity with a broken leg. This was his first time at Pikes Peak. If ever there were an advertisement for building a proper cage, this is it. Check out the video of the crash below.

Update: According to a post on Evolutionm.net, neither Foley nor his co-driver, Yuri, broke any bones in the dust up. Foley exited the crashed vehicle under his own power and Yuri injured his shoulder in what may be a dislocation.

wow...all cars should have roll cages.




They'd compromise so much though, an interior roll cage eliminates ease of entry and exit, restrict space, and generally make any car they're put in cramped. That's what we've got A and B pillars for, a sort of crumple like roll cage. Remember if modern cars are fitted with roll cages then they also need saftey harnesses, if the vehicle retains it shape and doesn't crumple then more kinetic energy is exerted on the drivers, airbags would need to be redesigned too, since your harness would keep you from lurching forward, the airbags would be less effective.




They sustained injury because of the poor roll cage design. The co-drivers entire upper body came outside of the car because the seats were wrongly bolted to the cars floor pan and his helmet cracked like an egg. They were extremely lucky they weren't killed because the cage was really poorly designed.

http://www.pirate4x4.com/forum/general-4x4-discussion/1087042-wow-i-cant-believe-roll-cage-jeremy-foley-pikes-peak-2.html#/topics/1087042?_k=tk4f89

EDIT: The actual build thread and details on the guy being called out on his shitty cage and even worse attitude about being told he built the car wrong and unsafe for the racing he was doing.

http://www.evolutionm.net/forums/motor-sports/594243-evolution-dynamics-pikes-peak-build-25.html#post10340317




Yeah, you can see the co-driver flopping around at the end. Almost having the car roll over on top of him.




They sustained injury because of the poor roll cage design

Could the cage have been better? Sure. Should it have been done to more than the minimum legal spec? Yes.

But, it's pretty hard to say that any design would have prevented any injury.

It's not like there are a lot of data points for crashes like this to go off of.




It's not like there are a lot of data points for crashes like this to go off of.

What? There are plenty. This kind of racing is identical to rallying when it comes to environment and safety considerations and the FIA has done extensive work to make their cars as safe as can be. There's over a decade of WRC racing and crashes to validate their designs and this one should have been built to the same standard. The rule book sucks, but that doesn't mean you can't do more than the rule book states. The builder specifically ignored experienced racers at Pikes Peak because he didn't want to add weight and they weighed in that he didn't have even close to proper triangulation on the passenger side and that's what absolutely failed. The bars on that side collapsed over a foot into the interior of the car. It was bad design and he was told so and chose to ignore it.




I think the contortions and complete lack of any interior space would have you rethinking that the first time you had to squeeze into one.




Not just the roll cages but racing harnesses. Both those guys would be all sorts of fucked up if they were just wearing seat belts.




i think helmets also




You can see the remains of the car at the Penrose Heritage Museum in Colorado Springs. At the bottom of that link is a slide show, it's the second pic.







It's cool, that's what the rewind button is for.




Or other cars to simultaneously rapidly decrease your speed while sandwiching them into the barrier.




Every time that car hits the ground it seems to do it right on the roof. That's gotta hurt.




Toonces is at it again.




He can drive, just not very well!




This is a nonononoyes. They walked away from this. Whoever made that rollcage deserves more money.




The cage was utter shit and almost got them both killed. The guy that built and designed it should be banned from any sanctioning body he tries to enter a car with.

http://www.pirate4x4.com/forum/general-4x4-discussion/1087042-wow-i-cant-believe-roll-cage-jeremy-foley-pikes-peak-2.html#/topics/1087042?_k=tk4f89

Look at the deformation of that cage, it barely protected the co-driver and his upper body came out of the car because the idiot bolted it to the floor pan of the car and not the cage. Honestly it's amazing they both weren't killed given how badly done that cage was.

EDIT: The actual build thread and details on the guy being called out on his shitty cage and even worse attitude about being told he built the car wrong and unsafe for the racing he was doing.

http://www.evolutionm.net/forums/motor-sports/594243-evolution-dynamics-pikes-peak-build-25.html#post10340317




this is reddit life. Great comment followed up by a rude comment completely contradicting what you previously thought was the right answer. If there was a video it would be me nodding in approval at a comment and then me shrugging in surprise at the contradictory reply comment followed by more nodding in approval, rinse, repeat.

Also, I would appreciate a more thorough analysis as that cage bracing/gusseting does not look particularly illogical from a layman's perspective.




Also, I would appreciate a more thorough analysis as that cage bracing/gusseting does not look particularly illogical from a layman's perspective.

The bars by the passengers side in the forum post I directly linked are bent or folded. They weren't properly triangulated. With triangulation that mimics the ones on the driver side that wouldn't have happened. The passenger side cage failed so badly it actually deformed the floor to the point where it pushed the passenger seat up and out and his head and arm came out of the car. His helmet was cracked like an egg. No roll cage should have folded or collapsed tubing in it and the problem with this cage is that it was built to a set of rules and not the racing. Those rules are a joke because they are basically rules that cover circuit racing without a co-driver and on flat ground. The guy who designed this car refused to acknowledge this and said adding more safety would slow them down so they wouldn't add more bars/bracing in the cage. That failure is the result.


load more comments (4 replies)


I'm no pro or anything. But they apparently walked away after driving their car off a cliff at high speed and crashing/rolling many times. While I'm sure it could have been built better (any car currently on the road can be built better), the cage did it's job and protected the occupants.

Also, you links you provided are forum links. A comments section, much like this one here. There are just as many people saying great job as there are people "slamming" the build guy.

The cage was utter shit and almost got them both killed.

Actually, his driving was utter shit and almost got them both killed. The cage LITERALLY SAVED THEIR LIVES.




They didn't walk away, one was airlifted to the hospital. The problem with most of the Internet is that most people don't bother reading anything. There's great info there past people arguing against supporters or defenders of the person who built the cage. The person who built it is KevinD on those forums. If you look at the post I directly linked you can see the massive amount of failure to protect the passenger that happened on that crash. A roll cage should never deform and buckle. Ever. If it is designed properly it does not fail. That cage was not designed for a race like Piles Peak because it did not properly protect the passenger.

That cage didn't literally save their lives, it almost got the passenger killed. It failed spectacularly to properly protect the passenger otherwise he wouldn't have been life flighted from the scene. I've been around motorsports for a very long time and I'm familiar with how they are built safely. Have you?




They didn't walk away, one was airlifted to the hospital. The problem with most of the Internet is that most people don't bother reading anything.






I know they got out under their own power, but if you had actually read the thread and seen the photos of Yuri's helmet what happened to him doesn't meet the definition of "walked away" as many people define it. He was life flighted to the hospital because his helmet was literally cracked like an egg. The potential for a fatal head injury was extremely high. Take a look here at the pictures of his helmet on another forum (the posts about his helmet are admittedly pretty far into the second links thread). Life flight was the only option because he wouldn't have walked away and been physically fine after what happened to his head inside that helmet. The information to see that they didn't "walk away" in any definition of the term is in all the links I posted. Yuri is lucky to be alive, no thanks to the rules or the builder who said a rally style cage wasn't necessary or a good idea because of weight penalties that made it safer for the racing they were doing. He built an unsafe cage and used the rule book and his ignorance of the racing he was doing as justification for it. He then continued to attack forums members repeatedly for calling him out on ignoring their advice gained from extensive experience at Pikes Peak.




So, I don't normally don't do this with people on the internet, but I did some checking...

I know they got out under their own power, but if you had actually read the thread and seen the photos of Yuri's helmet what happened to him doesn't meet the definition of "walked away" as many people define it.

I found a few articles about this (not forum posts) and the consensus is this...

When the car finally lurched to a rest, the only significant injury was Kouznetsov’s dislocated shoulder.

I think that meets just about anyones definition of walking away from a crash like that.

He was life flighted to the hospital because his helmet was literally cracked like an egg.

Life flighting him was simply a precaution because of how his helmet "looked". He didn't have any head trauma. The helmet did it's job and protected his head the cage did it's job and protected the people inside it. The cage is to save lives, not to walk away with zero injuries.

By the way, this came off the very page you linked about his helmet...

The cage they had met the rules, and in fact exceeded them quite a bit.

Are cages really built to fly off a cliff like that at high speed and take ZERO damage? I kind of doubt that. Sure they need to be built super strong, but I don't think there is a metal bar in this world that can be flung into a boulder with thousands of pounds of weight and LOT of momentem and not bend.

You're sounding a lot like a Monday morning quarterback. Is the guy who built this a competitor of yours? You don't get much worse of a crash than that besides maybe head on at high speed or just dropping off a cliff to certain death. And they lived with just a dislocated shoulder and a cracked helmet? I'll take that cage any day of the week.

You have lots of experience in motorsports. Can you link me to a similar crash where the occupants suffered less damage? When I say similar, I want there to be at least 3 direct full force impacts to the roof of the car like this one.




The helmet did it's job and protected his head the cage did it's job and protected the people inside it.

It, by the definition of the word, did not protect the passenger like it should have. He came loose from the floor because the cage failed to properly prevent the collapse of itself due to a design fault. Notice the drivers side didn't collapse by 12 inches. To a layperson that looks fine because no one was killed, but for people that actually know what happened here because they know what they're talking about its very clear that these guys were lucky they survived, and not because the cage was properly built.

As for wrecks that their passengers didn't get injured in a similar one like this, search YouTube for world rally crashes. They go through way, way worse and come out the other side without the cage collapsing by a foot into the passenger compartment.




Meh. I am a layperson. But it only takes a little bit of common sense to see that the cage did a very good job and had everything to do with why these guys aren't dead. They themselves state this. Any person looking at that crash with the naked eye can see the cage did a good job. Maybe there was some deformation, but obviously there wasn't enough failure to cause ANY significant damage to either of them. Hell, the driver wasn't hurt at all.

Seriously though, I find it hard to believe any cage in the world would have gone through those impacts and not sustained a single point of failure, which is what it appears you are saying is supposed to happen. The roof of the car to 4 direct impacts, including the initial one which comes after dropping what appears to be 20 feet off a cliff at high speed.

In all seriousness, how can you look at that crash and say the cage didn't save their lives? Come on, man. Was it divine intervention then?




But it only takes a little bit of common sense to see that the cage did a very good job and had everything to do with why these guys aren't dead.

They aren't dead because they were lucky. The crash stopped before the already extremely damaged roll cage could collapse anymore than it did.

They themselves state this.

Because they are biased. Anyone with common sense would see this. They survived an accident and will always say the cage saved their life, no matter how much you try and show them that it was done wrong and almost got them more severely injured or killed.

Any person looking at that crash with the naked eye can see the cage did a good job.

I don't know why I have to keep repeating this to you, but it didn't. It directly caused the injury of the passenger. It failed to protect him properly. It was designed incorrectly to take the load it did, and they are designed to take that load purposefully, and that incorrect design is what caused his seat to be ripped from the floor of the car and his head and arms to extend outside the vehicle. I don't know why you keep ignoring this part. It's the root cause of the injuries he sustained. Had it been barred properly like the drivers side he wouldn't have been hurt at all, just like the driver wasn't.

Maybe there was some deformation, but obviously there wasn't enough failure to cause ANY significant damage to either of them.

Some deformation? Do you not understand what a foot of deformation means in a race car roll cage? Obviously not. So I don't understand why you keep saying it's not that bad when you clearly don't understand what you're talking about. A roll cage should never deform 12 inches in any direction if designed properly.

Hell, the driver wasn't hurt at all.

Yes, I know this. Why wasn't he hurt? Because his side was properly designed with proper triangulation. I've said this to you already but you continue to ignore it. Bridges and radio towers and anything else that carries a load has some form of triangulation, race car roll cages are no different. The drivers side was triangulated and took the loads put on it, the passenger side was not and it failed horribly.

Seriously though, I find it hard to believe any cage in the world would have gone through those impacts and not sustained a single point of failure, which is what it appears you are saying is supposed to happen.

It's not supposed to happen, they are designed, tested and approved to specs that are made specifically to stop it from happening. The rules for this series are not adequate and the builder using the excuse that he followed the rules shows he can't see his own failures. Just because they survived does not mean it was done properly. People survive accident that they shouldn't all the time, that doesn't mean their safety gear was adequate. Since I actually have knowledge on the subject I can say that. You keep ignoring what I'm telling you and saying "well I don't think that's true as a layperson."

The roof of the car to 4 direct impacts, including the initial one which comes after dropping what appears to be 20 feet off a cliff at high speed.

The roof of the car also moved over about six inches. That isn't supposed to happen, ever. Roll cages aren't designed or supposed to bend in half and deform, they are supposed to absorb and transfer the energy evenly between all the tubing. That didn't happen. I don't understand why you're ignoring your ignorance of the events that took place and saying it can't possibly be different than how you see it. I don't mean that as a personal attack, you don't know what you're arguing and you're saying it can't possibly be different than how you see it. It can and it does.

In all seriousness, how can you look at that crash and say the cage didn't save their lives?

Because it also it didn't. One more good hit and the passenger would have been in worse shape than he was. It was luck, not proper engineering on the builder that saved them.

Come on, man. Was it divine intervention then?

I don't know since I don't believe in that, but I can tell you that they were more lucky than safe.




The guy that built and designed it should be banned from any sanctioning body he tries to enter a car with.

That's completely ignoring that it was legal and passed tech.




That's not the point. It's that he sacrificed safety for performance. He knowingly and willingly ignored safety conditions and the preventative measures for it to save what, 10 pounds of tubing?




A lot of racing has cars built to the minimum spec of the rules.

Why is the blame solely on the builder and none on the two who chose to drive it?

If the minimum spec is inadequate, why is there no blame on the organization for it being the minimum spec?




There is blame on all parties involved. Sorry, I had said that in another post but didn't reiterate it here. This crash highlighted the poor rule set for this kind of racing and was a huge deal because it shows that building to them minimum spec, especially in sacrifice for an absolutely negligible performance "gain," is the wrong way to go racing. This rule book was basically a roll cage spec for a drifting sanctioning body that wasn't properly updated for Piles Peak racing. Drift cars don't fall off mountain sides and the rules were inadequate. I lay more blame on the cage builder because he specifically dismissed advice from more experienced racers that have competed at Pikes and his reasoning was "it's good enough and the rules allow it" and he didn't want to lose performance by adding about ten pounds in tubing to make it safer. Sacrificing safety for performance is always a bad idea and he ignored advice to make it safer so I personally put more blame on him that everyone else.




i was promised an explosion. fuck you, hollywood.




No, fuck you michael bay...




That would fucking suck




He pizza'd when he should have french fried.




Confirmed - had a bad time




"You're breaking the car, Samir!"




I love that video. "You need to turn the wheel Samir!"




This wasnt a drift to start with, he didnt quite make the corner and slid off

permalinkembedsave


I see some comments from people saying this is a public road and that they are stupid for racing on it. It is a public road however i believe this took place during the pikes peak hill climb, very famous event. They shut down the road. Please correct me if I'm wrong




You are correct, it's an amazing race to spectate if you ever have a chance.




Toonces must have been driving again.




Who let Toonces drive again?




Looks like he just took a right turn onto Deconstruction Drive




Here's Sebastian Loeb showing how Pikes Peak is done right. Peugeot 208 T16.

To quote Kris Meeke (a pro WRC driver):

"It’s another level completely when it’s on slicks. It’s nuts, absolutely nuts. It’s fascinating. I couldn’t breathe in certain corners because of the g-forces. As you get more ground effect, you rely on your inputs to see how much grip is available, so you can push harder in faster corners. There are some long, long corners here, and I couldn’t get a breath mid-corner. That’s the first time I’ve experienced that. In rallying, I’m used to short changes of direction, but this car quite literally takes your breath away."




Ah yes. I do believe the front fell off.




Tokyo plummet




That's why you need a roll cage fellas.




I read somewhere that they redid the rollcage right before this. If so, then I bet the drivers are glad that they did.




That rollcage was about 2 more rolls away from maiming or killing the navigator. The B pillar collapsed inward, and the seats detatched from the floor.




Damn




The crazy thing was not having nets on the windows, someone could have lost an arm.




That should buff right out...




Looks like the front fell off.




Tis but a scratch




Thought at beginning of gif: Well, at least he has a rollcage.

Thought at end of gif: Welp, he's got nothing left but a rollcage.




no explosion




I think I can still see a part of the ca... nope, it's gone.




They see me rollin....




Title 1/10




Is there such a thing as a steep cliff? Or just steep hills?




Other than putting on the spare tire, she's good to go




WCGW




I think he'll need some body work. Some.




this is why you buy only american muscle




Pikes Peak?

Yeah, Pikes Peak




CONFETTI!!




This still makes me sad for the car's sake :[




My vertebrae!




At least he landed on the wheels

permalinkembedsave


That crash turned that car into a rollcage on wheels.




Liter bugs! Who is going to clean that up? Not those crippled morons.




Some things didn't fly off/out.




Not drifting, this was a speed run at the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb a few years back. Driver and passenger survived due to having proper safety gear.




Damn shouldn't Be trying that if you aren't good enough




Thank God for rollcages




Would that not be the ideal place to install barriers?




This kills the car




The good side of this is that the car ended almost unharmed. I am sure they continued "drifting" Pikes Peak minutes later.




This looks like me playing 'Dirt: Rally' for the first time.




Does someone take responsibility for cleaning up the hundred pieces of litter?




The race organizers are responsible for clean up after a wreck.




what movie will this be in?

Huh? Fox News 12? I haven't seen the previews for that one yet...

permalinkembedsave


I know it only happens in the movies, but I wish it had exploded.




/r/michaelbaygifs




He ded.
