They are all widows going to be taken care of.

And many literally did have death swallow them up in one way or another by moving to Utah.

Is there a cartoon of early American missionaries in Europe assigning hot wives for themselves and sending the remainders over to Murica?

I know I read a quote of some early TSCC leader complaining the missionaries were snatching up the good ones. Or something like that.

Yeah, I saw that quote on Mormon think. I can't remember exactly where.

I love this one I have it hanging above my desk!

This is an 1882 illustration from Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper titled "Mormonism in Utah--The Cave of Despair". There are more great images here.

Non-Mormon reporters could see clearly. And we Mormons, in the middle of it, could not. It is humbling., And I mean genuinely humbling, not the Hollywood meaning.

Educated people saw what was going on, and warned people. While the "prophets" are always a generation behind (being the last to reject polygamy, racism, etc.) Even the average uneducated teenager could see it as a scam: they would typically ignore or mock the missionaries in the street. Both appropriate responses. But we Mormons, the suckers who fell for it? We thought we had some special inside knowledge. We thought our leaders were smarter than other people. We thought we were going to win big time. Throughout history naive women have been tricked into marrying bad men. And unsuspecting people have been victims of fraud of every kind.

Utah: world capital of fraud since before it was even a state.

I'm late to the party. Where are these coming from?

These are amazing! Please find more!

This sums up how I feel about Utah in general.


Relatable.


So what has changed since then?


...I feel for all the poor women who were conned into leaving their European homelands, and ended up quasi prisoners in miserable polygamous living conditions in Utah, never to return home.

For more about the subject, "Tell It All" is a fascinating fist-hand account of an English woman's experience as a convert who emigrates to Utah.

https://archive.org/details/tellitallstoryof00sten
