Do you have any tips on how to read this?

make a family tree. include all the character names on that tree. meaning their formal names and their nicknames.

Take breaks occasionally?

essentially it is 4 books. i read an urban fantasy between each book, to give myself a chance to digest what i was reading.

Should I read Anna Karenina first?

how old are you? if you are in your early 20's or younger go for War and Peace first. if you are middle aged and your friends are married or already divorced and with kids, read Anna Karenina.




Great advice. I'd especially agree with the first one, tracking the multiple versions of everyone's name can be really confusing.




if you are in your early 20's or younger go for War and Peace first. if you are middle aged and your friends are married or already divorced and with kids, read Anna Karenina.

Care to explain as to why?
I'm interested in reading both books as well and I was thinking of doing Anna Karenina first. Mainly because few of my friends who have read both have been suggesting me to read AK first. I've already ordered it too and it's in the mail.




W&P is about young people entering life and having to deal with not only finding out who they are, but whether their personal ambitions are more important than family obligations.

AK is about a mid life crisis. in one case it is about realizing that if you stay the course you will never be happy. and the other (Levin) is about not knowing how to find that happiness, even when doing the things everyone says you should do.

there is a lot more nuance to both books, but primarily they deal with problems that happen at a specific time in people's lives. you don't have to read them in the order i specified. you don't have to read them because you are too old or too young. i just think they would make the most impact when you can relate the book to events in your life. either case, PM me if you want to talk about it. :D




It's really not that hard a read, it's just long. The story and characters are engaging and the translation doesn't matter that much since Tolstoy is a straightforward writer. You might want to have a character list. As with any book, read it at your own pace. I've read it three times in different translations and loved it every time.




I'd brush up on Russian history at least from Peter the Great onwards until Napoleon and some culture of their time. Read up something on St. Petersburg and Moscow and life in the country. Many people complain about the names, both for War and Peace and Anna Karenina. Indeed, it might get confusing as there is a name and patronymic, a formal way of addressing people, then there's a surname and maybe a title to go with it too and there's either a nickname or a shortening of a name when addressed by family. So it might get a bit confusing.

Also, parts of the conversations are in French and depending on the translation, you either have it translated directly or in the footnotes.

Good luck, I really liked War and Peace and I believe you will love it too!




You can brush up a bit on russian history and russian Orthodox culture / aristocracy, but it really is not necessary. You will catch up on these things as you read on. (Have some reference material handy to peek into if you must). Keep some notes handy to list down the family and nick names of the characters and how they are related. You can also find this information on the internet if you look it up.

It is also a very lengthy, and sometimes will feel like a drag so I would suggest making a reading schedule and taking breaks in between. Tolstoy was a genius and you will realize that well before you finish this book.




Check out r/ayearofwarandpeace. They are reading a chapter a day this year, since it's 365 chapters. And they also have discussion threads about translations and downloadable family trees.

I read it now on the google books app so I can search for names with the search function, and see if I encountered a character before or not. That is very helpful for me!

Good luck!
